0.9471758604049683	Question: state or province kentucky geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location ashland?	Context: frankfort city capital of state kentucky;kentucky state has capital frankfort;ashland city located in geopolitical location kentucky
0.859375	Question: grain business super part of what? Is the correct answer: room new?	Context: new subpart of business;new subpart of office;new subpart of office
0.4375	Question: record label universal music controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: person - Africa doug morris?	Context: doug morris top member of organization universal music;doug morris top member of organization universal music;doug morris top member of organization universal music
0.859375	Question: day of week wednesday date of what? Is the correct answer: celebrity season?	Context: wednesday at date n2004;season at date n2004
0.859375	Question: year n1997 date of what? Is the correct answer: non-disease condition policy?	Context: bangkok at date n1997;bangkok at date n2007;policy at date n2007
0.4375	Question: company wfmz tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location ind?	Context: ind super part of wfmz tv;ind super part of ktsf tv;ind super part of ktsf tv
0.859375	Question: city lake charles proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province louisiana?	Context: louisiana proxy of lake charles;louisiana proxy of new orleans;louisiana proxy of new orleans
0.4375	Question: city samoa mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city apia?	Context: samoa geopolitical location contains city apia;samoa geopolitical location contains city apia;samoa geopolitical location contains city apia
0.9999998211860657	Question: university queens college at location what? Is the correct answer: attraction new york city metropolitan area?	Context: new york located at queens college;new york city stadiums carnegie hall  s weill recital hall;new york city metropolitan area located at carnegie hall  s weill recital hall
0.859375	Question: visual art movement american at location what? Is the correct answer: city banta?	Context: miami located at american;miami located at american;banta located at american
0.4375	Question: state or province illinois proxy of what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene belleville?	Context: springfield city capital of state illinois;springfield city capital of state illinois;belleville proxy for illinois
0.99945068359375	Question: university microsoft mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bedroom item access?	Context: jobs person belongs to organization microsoft;microsoft organization has person jobs;access mutual proxy for microsoft
1.0	Question: newspaper idaho mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location nampa?	Context: boise subpart of idaho;boise subpart of idaho;nampa mutual proxy for idaho
0.4375	Question: sports league nhl agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team washington capitals?	Context: new york islanders agent collaborates with agent nhl;new york islanders agent collaborates with agent nhl;washington capitals agent collaborates with agent nhl
1.0	Question: state or province products agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Canada) search?	Context: products arthropod that feeds on insect things;things agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: mollusk times agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist andrew ross sorkin?	Context: c j  wilson agent collaborates with agent times;c j  wilson agent collaborates with agent times;andrew ross sorkin agent collaborates with agent times
0.99560546875	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team peninsula college pirates?	Context: wildcats team plays in league ncaa;wildcats team plays in league ncaa;peninsula college pirates team plays in league ncaa
0.96484375	Question: attraction art location located within location what? Is the correct answer: publication the new?	Context: new york location contains location art;new york city attractions art;the new location contains location art
0.4375	Question: clothing boots clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing fingerless gloves?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing boots;boots clothing to go with clothing shirt;fingerless gloves clothing to go with clothing boots
0.859375	Question: state or province california super part of what? Is the correct answer: music album order?	Context: los angeles ca subpart of california;los angeles ca subpart of california;order subpart of california
1.0	Question: sports team white sox team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: mlb league teams white sox;mlb league teams yankees;mlb league teams yankees
0.4375	Question: bank worldpay competes with what? Is the correct answer: company google?	Context: google competes with worldpay;eric schmidt top member of organization google;google organization has top member eric schmidt
1.0	Question: bank northern rock bank bank in country what? Is the correct answer: country england?	Context: england inverse of bank bank in country northern rock;england country cities london;england country cities london
0.9823378920555115	Question: radio station dothan at location what? Is the correct answer: city alabama?	Context: alabama located at dothan;alabama located at jacksonville;alabama located at jacksonville
0.4375	Question: magazine vegas super part of what? Is the correct answer: building feature south coast?	Context: mandalay bay subpart of vegas;mandalay bay subpart of vegas;south coast subpart of vegas
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bathroom item suit?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;suit mutual proxy for new
0.71875	Question: bank unit at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1942?	Context: unit arthropod that feeds on insect n1994;n1994 date of france france;n1942 date of france france
1.0	Question: CEO frederick smith person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: company fedex?	Context: fedex organization led by person frederick smith;fedex organization led by person frederick smith;fedex organization led by person frederick smith
0.4375	Question: company echostar communications agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO charlie ergen?	Context: charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications;charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications;charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications
0.4375	Question: animal creatures animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal kittens?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;kittens animal preys on creatures
0.859375	Question: date literal n2007 date of what? Is the correct answer: city nature?	Context: bangkok at date n2007;bangkok at date n2007;nature at date n2007
0.4375	Question: university indiana university agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: coach tom crean?	Context: terry hoeppner agent collaborates with agent indiana university;terry hoeppner agent collaborates with agent indiana university;tom crean agent collaborates with agent indiana university
0.4375	Question: chemical current water super part of what? Is the correct answer: programming language issues?	Context: current water arthropod that feeds on insect state;state subpart of air;issues subpart of air
1.0	Question: television station wztv tv subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox superpart of organization wztv tv;fox superpart of organization kvct;fox superpart of organization kvct
0.8937135338783264	Question: city dortmund location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country germany?	Context: germany location contains location dortmund;germany geopolitical location contains city munich;germany geopolitical location contains city munich
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city melbourne?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;melbourne mutual proxy for new
1.0	Question: city kendall park proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province newjersey?	Context: kendall park arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;newjersey proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: date n1955 date of what? Is the correct answer: politics issue service?	Context: n1955 arthropod that feeds on insect power;power at date n2006;service at date n2006
1.0	Question: city yellowknife location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location northwest territories001?	Context: northwest territories001 geopolitical location contains city yellowknife;northwest territories001 geopolitical location contains city yellowknife;northwest territories001 location contains location yellowknife
1.0	Question: sports team new york football giants at location what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: philadelphia located at new york football giants;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia
0.96484375	Question: academic field directors at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2008 date of directors;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.71875	Question: agent months agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city southeast?	Context: months agent acts in location west;west location acted in by agent years;southeast location acted in by agent years
0.4375	Question: scientific term norm proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of norm;new proxy of brazil;new proxy of brazil
0.4375	Question: state or province kalimantan barat mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city pontianak?	Context: pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat;pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat;pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat
0.859375	Question: clothing hat clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing chaps?	Context: grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;chaps clothing to go with clothing hat
0.4375	Question: person day agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: celebrity ups?	Context: day arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect express;ups agent competes with agent express
1.0	Question: CEO hiroshi okuda works for what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker toyota?	Context: toyota worker hiroshi okuda;toyota worker hiroshi okuda;toyota worker hiroshi okuda
0.71875	Question: government organization governments subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state?	Context: state superpart of organization governments;state superpart of organization law;state superpart of organization law
1.0	Question: bank rbs has office in country what? Is the correct answer: country scotland?	Context: sir fred goodwin person terminated by organization rbs;sir fred goodwin person terminated by organization rbs;scotland country has company office rbs
1.0	Question: insect insects inverse of animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect blackflies?	Context: insects inverse of arthropod called arthropod bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;blackflies animal such as invertebrate insects
0.4375	Question: politician - US rick waugh agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province nova scotia?	Context: nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh;nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh;nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh
0.4375	Question: academic field management program synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: management program arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency synonym for department;office synonym for department
0.4375	Question: company ge agent controls what? Is the correct answer: person welch?	Context: jeffrey immelt controlled by agent ge;ge controlled by agent jeffrey immelt;welch controlled by agent ge
0.4375	Question: ML author web search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: website lycos?	Context: web search arthropod that feeds on insect google search;google search agent competes with agent search;lycos agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: emotion charity mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for charity;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.96484375	Question: programming language services synonym for what? Is the correct answer: job position deputy?	Context: office synonym for services;office synonym for programs;deputy synonym for programs
1.0	Question: visual artist white person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: newspaper record?	Context: press organization led by person white;press organization led by person white;record organization led by person white
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue treasure island hotel at location what? Is the correct answer: city vegas?	Context: treasure island hotel arthropod that feeds on insect flamingo las vegas;flamingo las vegas located at mandalay bay events center;vegas located at mandalay bay events center
0.982421875	Question: city georgia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: island mcdonough?	Context: vince dooley person terminated by organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;mcdonough proxy for georgia
0.4375	Question: person - US jason bay agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team pittsburgh pirates?	Context: jason bay arthropod that feeds on insect adrian gonzalez;adrian gonzalez agent collaborates with agent mlb;pittsburgh pirates agent belongs to organization mlb
0.4375	Question: clothing knit shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing slacks?	Context: knit shirt arthropod that feeds on insect tie;shirt clothing to go with clothing tie;slacks clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: country south east asia synonym for what? Is the correct answer: city malaysia?	Context: south east asia arthropod that feeds on insect bangkok;bangkok at date n2008;malaysia at date n2008
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team astros?	Context: mlb agent controls red sox;bad cubs subpart of mlb;astros team plays against team bad cubs
0.96484375	Question: television station kcoy controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs organization has agent kcoy;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv
1.0	Question: bank orchard bank controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker hsbc bank usa?	Context: hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank;hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank;hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank
1.0	Question: sports team cleveland browns team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team detroit lions?	Context: nfl league teams cleveland browns;minnesota vikings subpart of nfl;detroit lions team plays against team minnesota vikings
0.982421875	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team thomas night hawks?	Context: oregon ducks team plays in league ncaa;oregon ducks team plays in league ncaa;thomas night hawks team plays in league ncaa
1.0	Question: insect mantids agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: mantids arthropod that feeds on insect scale insects;scale insects agent competes with agent insects;insects agent competes with agent insects
1.0	Question: politician - US john johnson mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: music song crossroads?	Context: john johnson person terminated by organization fidelity;john johnson person terminated by organization fidelity;crossroads mutual proxy for john johnson
0.99945068359375	Question: animal animals001 animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal bear?	Context: creatures animal predators animals001;animals001 animal predators creatures;bear animal predators animals001
0.4375	Question: coach ike brown agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team cleveland cavaliers?	Context: cleveland cavaliers agent collaborates with agent ike brown;ike brown works for cleveland cavaliers;cleveland cavaliers agent collaborates with agent ike brown
0.9827306866645813	Question: state or province california proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city cupertino?	Context: los angeles ca proxy for california;california super part of los angeles ca;cupertino proxy for california
0.859375	Question: animal carnivores animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal foxes?	Context: carnivores animal preys on carnivores;birds002 animal preys on carnivores;foxes animal preys on birds002
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical organization concerts agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: concerts arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york proxy of new york;new location acted in by agent new york
0.9968706965446472	Question: country senegal geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city dakar?	Context: senegal country capital dakar;senegal country capital dakar;dakar city located in geopolitical location senegal
0.71875	Question: politics blog koco tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: koco tv arthropod that feeds on insect tv;tv agent controls peter jennings;abc agent controls peter jennings
0.4375	Question: city bonn proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country germany?	Context: bonn arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of berlin;germany proxy of berlin
0.9999927282333374	Question: person charlie king super part of what? Is the correct answer: company national action network?	Context: national action network subpart of charlie king;national action network subpart of charlie king;national action network subpart of charlie king
0.4375	Question: terrorist organization black widow synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product spider?	Context: spider synonym for black widow;spider synonym for brown recluse spider;spider synonym for brown recluse spider
0.4375	Question: journalist rick telander agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: blog sun times?	Context: rick telander arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect sun times
1.0	Question: publication nbc universal agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company whag?	Context: david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;nbc universal agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff;whag agent collaborates with agent nbc universal
0.71875	Question: city d c  super part of what? Is the correct answer: coach tyrone willingham?	Context: d c  organization has person howard kurtz;d c  organization has person howard kurtz;tyrone willingham subpart of d c 
0.71875	Question: politics blog philadelphia inquirer worker what? Is the correct answer: journalist phil sheridan?	Context: phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer;phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer;phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer
0.859375	Question: coach washington huskies agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent washington huskies;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.4375	Question: newspaper daily competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog eschaton?	Context: independent competes with daily;independent competes with daily;eschaton competes with daily
0.9999999403953552	Question: reptile rattlesnakes animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: rattlesnakes arthropod that feeds on insect coyotes;predators animal predators coyotes;animals animal preys on predators
0.9999998807907104	Question: stadium or event venue mellon arena at location what? Is the correct answer: city pittsburgh?	Context: pittsburgh located at mellon arena;pittsburgh city attractions mellon arena;pittsburgh located at mellon arena
0.71875	Question: building residence at date what? Is the correct answer: month january?	Context: residence proxy for new;new at location meeting;january date of meeting
0.9999656677246094	Question: person julia person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: university college?	Context: julia arthropod that feeds on insect state university;peter person graduated from university state university;college inverse of person graduated from university peter
1.0	Question: country america inverse of sport fans in country what? Is the correct answer: sport soccer?	Context: golf sport fans in country america;america inverse of sport fans in country golf;soccer sport fans in country america
0.859375	Question: city columbia mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: new york mutual proxy for columbia;new york geopolitical location contains city new york;new york mutual proxy for new york
0.859375	Question: job position senior minister synonym for what? Is the correct answer: academic field affairs?	Context: senior minister arthropod that feeds on insect secretary;secretary synonym for office;affairs synonym for office
0.9999999403953552	Question: organization italian organization has person what? Is the correct answer: politician - US silvio berlusconi?	Context: silvio berlusconi person belongs to organization italian;silvio berlusconi works for italian;silvio berlusconi works for italian
1.0	Question: person hugh hefner agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: magazine playboy enterprises international?	Context: hugh hefner person terminated by organization playboy enterprises international;playboy enterprises international organization has agent hugh hefner;playboy enterprises international organization has agent hugh hefner
0.859375	Question: country france france agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: trade union article?	Context: nicolas sarkozy works for france france;nicolas sarkozy works for france france;article agent competes with agent france france
0.859375	Question: country italy agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: trade union article?	Context: italy synonym for republic;republic synonym for history;article agent competes with agent history
1.0	Question: reptile muskrat agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal furbearers?	Context: animals003 agent competes with agent muskrat;animals003 agent competes with agent muskrat;furbearers agent competes with agent muskrat
1.0	Question: person - US richard taylor agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: organization international hydropower association?	Context: international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor;international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor;international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor
0.4375	Question: academic field system subpart of what? Is the correct answer: programming language dollar?	Context: facilities super part of system;facilities super part of system;dollar super part of system
0.4375	Question: sports team chicago cardinals agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal birds002?	Context: chicago cardinals agent competes with agent eagles;birds002 agent competes with agent eagles
0.9999902844429016	Question: city toronto city hotels what? Is the correct answer: hotel hotel victoria?	Context: hotel le germain hotel in city toronto;toronto city hotels hotel le germain;hotel victoria hotel in city toronto
0.71875	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: television station wjla?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;wjla controlled by agent abc
1.0	Question: county fox superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: television station wemt?	Context: kvct controlled by agent fox;kvct controlled by agent fox;wemt subpart of organization fox
0.4375	Question: animal badgers animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal predators?	Context: predators animal predators badgers;salmon inverse of animal such as fish predators;predators animal such as fish salmon
0.4375	Question: city murdoch agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company newscorp?	Context: news corp  agent collaborates with agent murdoch;news corp  agent collaborates with agent murdoch;newscorp agent collaborates with agent murdoch
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) adult agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: adult arthropod that feeds on insect rss;rss agent competes with agent twitter;search agent competes with agent twitter
1.0	Question: city fort myers location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: fort myers arthropod that feeds on insect american;american agent acts in location state;national agent acts in location state
1.0	Question: sports team chicago fire subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league mls?	Context: mls super part of chicago fire;mls super part of chicago fire;mls super part of chicago fire
0.4375	Question: musician tim kinsella agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US joan of arc?	Context: joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella;joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella;joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella
0.4375	Question: company japan competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog daily yomiuri?	Context: twitter competes with japan;twitter competes with japan;daily yomiuri competes with japan
0.71875	Question: university college inverse of person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jerry?	Context: peter person graduated from university college;college school attended by person peter;jerry person graduated from university college
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location florida001 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city new port richey?	Context: boca raton subpart of florida001;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;new port richey mutual proxy for florida001
0.9999995231628418	Question: company los angeles organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: person richard riordan?	Context: antonio villaraigosa person hired by organization los angeles;antonio villaraigosa person hired by organization los angeles;richard riordan person hired by organization los angeles
0.71875	Question: visualizable scene duarte at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california located at duarte;california geopolitical location contains city bay;california geopolitical location contains city bay
0.9912109375	Question: city columbia city also known as what? Is the correct answer: city ohio?	Context: columbia city television station wltx tv;columbia city television station wltx tv;ohio city also known as columbia
0.96484375	Question: bank paypal integration competes with what? Is the correct answer: company google?	Context: google competes with paypal integration;eric schmidt top member of organization google;google organization has top member eric schmidt
0.9959482550621033	Question: professor steve doocy person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: blog fox news?	Context: fox organization has person steve doocy;fox organization has person charles krauthammer;fox news organization has person charles krauthammer
0.4375	Question: person transition mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: transition arthropod that feeds on insect center;center mutual proxy for board;new mutual proxy for board
1.0	Question: state or province washington state or province is bordered by state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province oregon?	Context: new mexico state or province is bordered by state or province washington;oregon state or province is bordered by state or province new mexico
0.4375	Question: coach kaman agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city brand?	Context: kaman arthropod that feeds on insect team;team agent collaborates with agent jobs;brand agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.4375	Question: state or province oklahoma located at what? Is the correct answer: music song durant?	Context: oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;durant at location oklahoma
0.9727445840835571	Question: mammal predators animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal raccoons?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish predators;predators animal such as fish salmon;raccoons animal predators predators
0.9999998211860657	Question: stadium or event venue san diego padres at location what? Is the correct answer: county san diego?	Context: san diego located at san diego padres;san diego located at qualcomm stadium;san diego located at qualcomm stadium
0.9999998211860657	Question: city chihuahua location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country mexico?	Context: mexico geopolitical location contains city chihuahua;mexico geopolitical location contains city guadalajara;mexico location contains location guadalajara
0.4375	Question: politics blog times magazine at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: times magazine arthropod that feeds on insect beacon theatre;beacon theatre proxy of new york;new proxy of new york
0.4375	Question: invertebrate common pests inverse of animal feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: insect bugs?	Context: common pests arthropod that feeds on insect bugs;insects inverse of arthropod and other arthropod bugs;bugs animal such as insect insects
0.7297818660736084	Question: animal fleas001 animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: fleas001 arthropod that feeds on insect snakes;snakes animal type has animal predators;creatures animal type has animal predators
0.982421875	Question: animal animals003 specialization of what? Is the correct answer: animal pets001?	Context: pets001 generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003
1.0	Question: sports team boston red subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: boston red subpart of mlb;mlb superpart of organization yankees;mlb superpart of organization yankees
0.9999917149543762	Question: stadium or event venue fillmore auditorium location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city denver?	Context: denver location contains location fillmore auditorium;denver city stadiums invesco field at mile high;invesco field at mile high attraction of city denver
0.4375	Question: person - US b j  ryan agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team devil rays?	Context: tampa agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan;tampa agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan;devil rays agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan
1.0	Question: person boston proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue fenway park?	Context: boston arthropod that feeds on insect last minute;last minute proxy of chicago;fenway park proxy of chicago
0.982421875	Question: book term at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2001?	Context: n2008 date of term;n2008 date of state;n2001 date of state
1.0	Question: island islamorada at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: florida001 located at islamorada;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton
1.0	Question: hotel claridges hotel in city what? Is the correct answer: city london?	Context: london city hotels claridges;grosvenor house hotel in city london;london city hotels grosvenor house
1.0	Question: country thailand country capital what? Is the correct answer: city bangkok?	Context: bangkok city capital of country thailand;bangkok city capital of country thailand;bangkok city capital of country thailand
1.0	Question: CEO glenn f  tilton works for what? Is the correct answer: bank ual?	Context: ual worker glenn f  tilton;ual worker glenn f  tilton;ual worker glenn f  tilton
0.4375	Question: language brazilian portuguese language of country what? Is the correct answer: country brazil?	Context: brazil country language brazilian portuguese;brazil country cities rio;brazil country cities rio
0.9999991059303284	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals super part of what? Is the correct answer: city auburn?	Context: kentucky subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;kentucky subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;auburn subpart of ncaa midwest regionals
1.0	Question: person mugabe agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: political party zanu pf?	Context: zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe;zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe;zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe
0.4375	Question: government organization state dept synonym for what? Is the correct answer: programming language services?	Context: state dept arthropod that feeds on insect u  s  department;u  s  department synonym for office;services synonym for office
1.0	Question: person kenneth kaunda mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country zambia?	Context: kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia
0.4375	Question: state or province west virginia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location weston?	Context: west virginia state contains city lewisburg;west virginia state contains city lewisburg;weston proxy for west virginia
1.0	Question: hallway item areas subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of areas;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.859375	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: n2010 arthropod that feeds on insect department;department at date n2004;new york at date n2004
0.4246821999549866	Question: city yorba linda located at what? Is the correct answer: visual art movement american?	Context: american at location yorba linda;american at location lakewood;american at location lakewood
1.0	Question: sports team suns organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach terry porter?	Context: terry porter works for suns;terry porter person hired by organization phoenix;terry porter person hired by organization phoenix
0.859375	Question: company china competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog u s?	Context: u s competes with china;u s competes with china;u s competes with china
0.9999978542327881	Question: visual artist white works for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location members001?	Context: department worker white;department worker white;members001 worker white
0.859375	Question: company kcal tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: athlete ind?	Context: ind agent collaborates with agent kcal tv;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt
0.859375	Question: trade union web site agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization times?	Context: web site arthropod that feeds on insect rules;rules agent collaborates with agent jobs;times agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.9999618530273438	Question: country japan location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization kagoshima?	Context: japan geopolitical location contains city tokyo;japan geopolitical location contains city tokyo;kagoshima location located within location japan
1.0	Question: company eads superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company airbus?	Context: louis gallois person terminated by organization eads;louis gallois person terminated by organization airbus
1.0	Question: bank citigroup global markets organization terminated person what? Is the correct answer: CEO vikram s  pandit?	Context: citigroup global markets organization headquartered in city new york;citigroup organization headquartered in city new york;vikram s  pandit person terminated by organization citigroup
1.0	Question: insect scale insects animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: scale insects arthropod that feeds on insect slugs;pests animal such as invertebrate slugs;insects inverse of animal such as invertebrate pests
1.0	Question: animal animals001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal panthers?	Context: predators agent competes with agent animals001;animals001 agent competes with agent predators;panthers agent competes with agent animals001
0.9998626708984375	Question: politics issue regulation subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of regulation;water super part of pump;water super part of pump
0.71875	Question: programming language end subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of end;air super part of state;air super part of state
1.0	Question: state or province illinois located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization lindenhurst?	Context: illinois arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect lindenhurst
0.3367187976837158	Question: mammal boars animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: boars arthropod that feeds on insect lions;lions animal type has animal wild animals;animals animal type has animal wild animals
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: person minnesota?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;minnesota proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: male chile at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2008 date of chile;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.96484375	Question: organization tampa bay devil rays team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team pirates?	Context: tampa bay devil rays arthropod that feeds on insect adrian gonzalez;yankees organization has person adrian gonzalez;pirates team plays against team yankees
0.9982255697250366	Question: city baltimore city attractions what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue camden yards?	Context: oriole park at camden yards attraction of city baltimore;oriole park at camden yards attraction of city baltimore;camden yards attraction of city baltimore
1.0	Question: political party zimbabwe african peoples union organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: politician - US joshua nkomo?	Context: joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union;joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union;joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union
0.4375	Question: comedian requests agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: requests arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect search
0.4375	Question: street capitol street mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: capitol street arthropod that feeds on insect center;center mutual proxy for board;new mutual proxy for board
0.4375	Question: politician - US rich rodriguez agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: credit union arizona?	Context: rich rodriguez arthropod that feeds on insect obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;arizona agent collaborates with agent clinton
1.0	Question: sports team tampa bay bucs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: coach jon gruden?	Context: tampa bay bucs arthropod that feeds on insect carl crawford;carl crawford agent belongs to organization tampa;jon gruden agent belongs to organization tampa
0.4375	Question: government organization enterprise mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: enterprise arthropod that feeds on insect miami;miami mutual proxy for florida001;new mutual proxy for florida001
0.9999656677246094	Question: book house mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: book six?	Context: house mutual proxy for new;six mutual proxy for new
0.9912109375	Question: political party government superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: professional organization fund?	Context: government arthropod that feeds on insect centre;state agent collaborates with agent centre;fund subpart of organization state
0.4375	Question: clothing plaid shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing jackets?	Context: plaid shirts arthropod that feeds on insect skirts;skirts clothing made from plant grass;jackets clothing made from plant grass
0.9296875	Question: book brainchild proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of brainchild;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.4375	Question: physical action removal subpart of what? Is the correct answer: profession clean water?	Context: removal arthropod that feeds on insect water treatment;water treatment super part of facilities;clean water super part of facilities
0.4375	Question: journalist southern asia agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province article?	Context: article agent competes with agent southern asia;article agent competes with agent philippines;article agent competes with agent philippines
0.859375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist cal thomas?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume controlled by agent fox;cal thomas agent belongs to organization fox
0.4375	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company krma tv?	Context: wcvw agent belongs to organization pbs;wcvw controlled by agent pbs;krma tv agent belongs to organization pbs
0.4375	Question: biotech company corel corporation agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person michael cowpland?	Context: michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation;michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation;michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation
0.997802734375	Question: table item producer mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: producer arthropod that feeds on insect dc;dc proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
0.71875	Question: bank royal bank acquired what? Is the correct answer: bank worldpay?	Context: stephen hester controlled by agent royal bank;royal bank organization led by person stephen hester;worldpay acquired by royal bank
0.9999967217445374	Question: country maldives country language what? Is the correct answer: language dhivehi?	Context: maldives country capital maldives;maldives city located in country maldives;dhivehi language of country maldives
1.0	Question: event outcome items mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for items;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.859375	Question: clothing long sleeved shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hat?	Context: hat clothing to go with clothing long sleeved shirts;hat clothing made from plant grass;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat
0.4375	Question: kitchen item retailer subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: retailer arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect water
1.0	Question: clothing pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing t shirts?	Context: shorts clothing to go with clothing pants;shirt clothing to go with clothing shorts;t shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: director kevin higgins agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city citadel?	Context: citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins;citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins;citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins
0.18619932234287262	Question: hotel york located at what? Is the correct answer: weapon national?	Context: national at location york;national at location san jose;national at location san jose
0.4375	Question: government organization npr worker what? Is the correct answer: person carl kasell?	Context: vivian schiller001 person belongs to organization npr;vivian schiller001 works for npr;carl kasell person belongs to organization npr
0.4375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: radio station wntz?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume controlled by agent fox;wntz agent collaborates with agent fox
0.4375	Question: cell type organs subpart of what? Is the correct answer: archaea increase blood?	Context: organs arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect increase blood
1.0	Question: vegetable kelp inverse of animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: mollusk sea urchins?	Context: sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp;sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp;sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp
0.4375	Question: state or province indiana mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city shelbyville?	Context: indiana arthropod that feeds on insect new;new mutual proxy for kentucky;shelbyville mutual proxy for kentucky
0.96484375	Question: radio station wcdc agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: wcdc arthropod that feeds on insect tv;tv agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson;abc agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson
0.4375	Question: geopolitical organization kinmen location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city taiwan?	Context: taiwan location contains location kinmen;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei
0.99945068359375	Question: state or province virginia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city virginia beach?	Context: virginia arthropod that feeds on insect texas;texas proxy for new;virginia beach proxy for new
0.71875	Question: city texas located at what? Is the correct answer: city la porte?	Context: mack brown person belongs to organization texas;texas organization has person mack brown;la porte at location texas
1.0	Question: geopolitical location destinations mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new at location destinations;new proxy of germany;new proxy of germany
0.4375	Question: state or province maryland proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city clinton?	Context: maryland arthropod that feeds on insect d c ;d c  mutual proxy for new jersey;clinton proxy for new jersey
1.0	Question: coach eric mangini subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league new?	Context: new york jets super part of eric mangini;eric mangini coach's team new york jets;new super part of eric mangini
0.99945068359375	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog google ?	Context: aol video agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent aol video;google  agent competes with agent search
0.9973840713500977	Question: company microsoft agent involved with item what? Is the correct answer: video game system works?	Context: microsoft excel item involved with agent microsoft;microsoft excel item involved with agent microsoft;works item involved with agent microsoft
0.71875	Question: university notre dame organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach ara parseghian?	Context: charlie weis person hired by organization notre dame;charlie weis person hired by organization notre dame;notre dame organization has person ara parseghian
1.0	Question: automobile maker infiniti automobile maker dealers in country what? Is the correct answer: country uk?	Context: uk country has company office infiniti;bmw has office in country uk;uk country has company office bmw
0.9296875	Question: coach luke fickell works for what? Is the correct answer: university ohio state?	Context: ohio state worker luke fickell;ohio state worker luke fickell;ohio state worker luke fickell
1.0	Question: automobile maker toyota automobile maker dealers in country what? Is the correct answer: country south africa?	Context: south africa inverse of automobile maker dealers in country toyota;south africa country capital cape town;south africa country cities cape town
0.71875	Question: sports league nba league stadiums what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue time warner cable arena?	Context: nba super part of hawks los angeles lakers vs;hawks los angeles lakers vs subpart of nba;time warner cable arena stadium home to league nba
0.71875	Question: ski area premier located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: premier arthropod that feeds on insect generations;generations at location west;new at location west
0.26358455419540405	Question: person dave002 person moved to state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province wisconsin?	Context: dave002 arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect madison;wisconsin located at madison
0.4375	Question: clothing hats clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tops?	Context: skirts clothing to go with clothing hats;tops clothing to go with clothing skirts
1.0	Question: politician michael nutter works for what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: philadelphia geopolitical organization led by person michael nutter;philadelphia worker alycia lane;philadelphia worker alycia lane
1.0	Question: animal deer002 specialization of what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate ruminants?	Context: creatures generalization of deer002;creatures generalization of deer002;ruminants generalization of deer002
0.4375	Question: academic field association synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession providers?	Context: association arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect education;providers profession type has profession education
0.9912109375	Question: publication nbc universal agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wtwo?	Context: david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;wtwo subpart of organization nbc universal
0.9296919703483582	Question: city pembroke pines proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: pembroke pines arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of tampa;florida001 proxy of tampa
0.96484375	Question: radio station beaumont proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city texas?	Context: texas proxy of beaumont;texas proxy of san antonio;texas proxy of san antonio
0.71875	Question: company us airways has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city albuquerque?	Context: us airways arthropod that feeds on insect auburn;national has office in city auburn;albuquerque city has company office national
0.4375	Question: politics issue schools super part of what? Is the correct answer: room systems?	Context: schools subpart of air;systems subpart of air
0.999984085559845	Question: city abc agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television station wsyx tv?	Context: charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent abc;charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent abc;wsyx tv agent collaborates with agent abc
0.71875	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city san fransisco?	Context: texas location acted in by agent american;texas location acted in by agent american;san fransisco location acted in by agent american
0.9999975562095642	Question: mammal deer animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal larger mammals?	Context: wild animals animal is type of animal deer;wild animals animal is type of animal deer;larger mammals animal is type of animal deer
1.0	Question: CEO edward j  zander works for what? Is the correct answer: university motorola?	Context: motorola worker edward j  zander;motorola worker edward j  zander;motorola worker edward j  zander
1.0	Question: sports team south dakota state jackrabbits team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams south dakota state jackrabbits;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
1.0	Question: company qwest communications agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO richard notebaert?	Context: richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications;richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications;richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications
0.9999999403953552	Question: sports team dallas mavericks tv watch subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nba?	Context: nba super part of dallas mavericks tv watch;nba superpart of organization suns;nba superpart of organization suns
0.4375	Question: clothing wedding clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shoes?	Context: wedding arthropod that feeds on insect hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes
0.9916936755180359	Question: mammal rats animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal rodents?	Context: rats arthropod that feeds on insect cats;cats animal predators creatures;rodents animal predators creatures
0.4375	Question: professor david brock agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company media matters?	Context: media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock;media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock;media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock
0.9950727820396423	Question: credit union michigan super part of what? Is the correct answer: city lansing?	Context: bo schembechler controlled by agent michigan;michigan organization has person bo schembechler;lansing mutual proxy for michigan
1.0	Question: state or province gold location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization times?	Context: gold arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect paris;times agent acts in location paris
0.9912109375	Question: television station wung tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs agent collaborates with agent wung tv;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) ncaa agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team vmi keydets?	Context: georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;vmi keydets agent collaborates with agent ncaa
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team also known as what? Is the correct answer: sports team red sox this season?	Context: red sox at location anaheim;red sox this season at location anaheim
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person - US task force?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;task force mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: coach kentucky mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue warsaw?	Context: warsaw mutual proxy for kentucky;warsaw mutual proxy for graduate;warsaw mutual proxy for graduate
1.0	Question: person kenneth kaunda agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: country zambia?	Context: zambia agent controls kenneth kaunda;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;zambia agent controls kenneth kaunda
0.4375	Question: year n1881 proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: n1881 arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: sports league mlb superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team phillies?	Context: mlb league teams louis cardinals;mlb league teams louis cardinals;mlb league teams phillies
0.9296875	Question: music artist american at location what? Is the correct answer: city waimanalo?	Context: arizona located at american;arizona location acted in by agent american;waimanalo location acted in by agent american
1.0	Question: city vegas city attractions what? Is the correct answer: attraction palazzo?	Context: vegas located at mandalay bay events center;mandalay bay events center at location vegas;palazzo attraction of city vegas
1.0	Question: mammal cows animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: vegetable corn?	Context: cows arthropod that feeds on insect vegetables;vegetables inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;corn inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001
1.0	Question: city tucson city television station what? Is the correct answer: television station kvoa?	Context: kvoa television station in city tucson;kvoa television station in city tucson;kvoa television station in city tucson
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: music song xanadu?	Context: new proxy of office;new mutual proxy for office;xanadu mutual proxy for new
0.96484375	Question: magazine potential customers agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: potential customers arthropod that feeds on insect rss;rss agent competes with agent twitter;search agent competes with agent twitter
0.9999914169311523	Question: mammal humans animal predators what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: humans animal preys on humans;animals001 animal predators humans;creatures animal preys on animals001
0.96484375	Question: company dallas morning news001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate news?	Context: dallas morning news001 arthropod that feeds on insect daily news001;daily news001 agent competes with agent wall street;news agent competes with agent wall street
1.0	Question: city phoenix  arizona city has company office what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker nissan?	Context: nissan has office in city phoenix  arizona;carlos ghosn inverse of automobile maker chief executive CEO nissan;carlos ghosn inverse of automobile maker chief executive CEO nissan
1.0	Question: scientist mitch kapor works for what? Is the correct answer: city lotus?	Context: lotus worker mitch kapor;lotus worker mitch kapor;lotus worker mitch kapor
0.4375	Question: politician world agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person eddie001?	Context: jobs agent collaborates with agent world;jobs agent collaborates with agent world;eddie001 agent collaborates with agent world
0.9648460149765015	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: newspaper wten?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;wten controlled by agent abc
0.9998120069503784	Question: city texas located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location irving?	Context: mack brown person belongs to organization texas;texas organization has person mack brown;irving at location texas
0.99945068359375	Question: city work agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: work arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: television station ktvi tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox super part of ktvi tv;fox super part of brit hume;fox super part of brit hume
0.997387170791626	Question: geopolitical location valencia inverse of language school in city what? Is the correct answer: language spanish language?	Context: spanish language language school in city valencia;cuernavaca inverse of language school in city spanish language;spanish language language school in city cuernavaca
0.859375	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: lake fountain hills?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent national;d c  location acted in by agent national;fountain hills location acted in by agent national
0.982421875	Question: politics issue service at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2003?	Context: n2005 date of service;n2005 date of department;n2003 date of department
1.0	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city medford?	Context: national has office in country germany;national has office in country germany;medford city has company office national
0.9562729001045227	Question: person lynn person attends school what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: lynn arthropod that feeds on insect college;college school attended by person peter;state university school attended by person peter
0.71875	Question: geometric shape installation subpart of what? Is the correct answer: transportation central air?	Context: installation arthropod that feeds on insect schools;schools super part of systems;central air super part of systems
1.0	Question: politician olaf scholz mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bank hamburg?	Context: hamburg mutual proxy for olaf scholz;hamburg mutual proxy for germany;hamburg mutual proxy for germany
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: hobby infant?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;new mutual proxy for n2007;infant proxy for new
0.4375	Question: radio station klrn agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs superpart of organization klrn;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt
0.4375	Question: clothing white sweater clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: white sweater arthropod that feeds on insect sweater;sweater clothing to go with clothing shirt;pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.999725341796875	Question: automobile maker acura automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: city reno?	Context: georgia inverse of automobile maker dealers in city acura;acura automobile maker dealers in city georgia;reno inverse of automobile maker dealers in city acura
0.989540159702301	Question: island post at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: post arthropod that feeds on insect new york state;new york state state has capital albany;albany city capital of state new york
0.4375	Question: mammal domestic animals agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: mammal ferrets?	Context: domestic animals arthropod that feeds on insect livestock;livestock agent competes with agent animals001;ferrets agent competes with agent animals001
0.9999933838844299	Question: person mark hackard person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: non-governmental organization nixon center?	Context: nixon center organization hired person mark hackard;mark hackard person terminated by organization nixon center;nixon center organization hired person mark hackard
0.71875	Question: city merida location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state002?	Context: state002 location contains location merida;states location located within location state002;state002 location contains location states
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: ML dataset n20?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;n20 proxy for new
1.0	Question: state or province connecticut located at what? Is the correct answer: wine oakville?	Context: connecticut geopolitical location contains city hartford;connecticut state has capital hartford;oakville at location connecticut
0.96484375	Question: visualizable thing computer proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: computer arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
0.992618203163147	Question: bank barclays organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: CEO bob diamond?	Context: john silvester varley person leads organization barclays;john silvester varley person leads organization barclays;bob diamond person leads organization barclays
0.859375	Question: event outcome establishment at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: n2008 date of establishment;n2008 date of state;n2002 date of state
0.859375	Question: date literal n2002 date of what? Is the correct answer: hallway item problem?	Context: n2002 arthropod that feeds on insect sharm el sheikh;sharm el sheikh at date n2010;problem at date n2010
1.0	Question: person hanna gronkiewicz waltz mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue warsaw?	Context: hanna gronkiewicz waltz person belongs to organization warsaw;hanna gronkiewicz waltz person belongs to organization warsaw;warsaw mutual proxy for hanna gronkiewicz waltz
0.9471758604049683	Question: state or province kentucky geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location ashland?	Context: frankfort city capital of state kentucky;kentucky state has capital frankfort;ashland city located in geopolitical location kentucky
0.859375	Question: grain business super part of what? Is the correct answer: room new?	Context: new subpart of business;new subpart of office;new subpart of office
0.4375	Question: record label universal music controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: person - Africa doug morris?	Context: doug morris top member of organization universal music;doug morris top member of organization universal music;doug morris top member of organization universal music
0.859375	Question: day of week wednesday date of what? Is the correct answer: celebrity season?	Context: wednesday at date n2004;season at date n2004
0.859375	Question: year n1997 date of what? Is the correct answer: non-disease condition policy?	Context: bangkok at date n1997;bangkok at date n2007;policy at date n2007
0.4375	Question: company wfmz tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location ind?	Context: ind super part of wfmz tv;ind super part of ktsf tv;ind super part of ktsf tv
0.859375	Question: city lake charles proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province louisiana?	Context: louisiana proxy of lake charles;louisiana proxy of new orleans;louisiana proxy of new orleans
0.4375	Question: city samoa mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city apia?	Context: samoa geopolitical location contains city apia;samoa geopolitical location contains city apia;samoa geopolitical location contains city apia
0.9999998211860657	Question: university queens college at location what? Is the correct answer: attraction new york city metropolitan area?	Context: new york located at queens college;new york city stadiums carnegie hall  s weill recital hall;new york city metropolitan area located at carnegie hall  s weill recital hall
0.859375	Question: visual art movement american at location what? Is the correct answer: city banta?	Context: miami located at american;miami located at american;banta located at american
0.4375	Question: state or province illinois proxy of what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene belleville?	Context: springfield city capital of state illinois;springfield city capital of state illinois;belleville proxy for illinois
0.99945068359375	Question: university microsoft mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bedroom item access?	Context: jobs person belongs to organization microsoft;microsoft organization has person jobs;access mutual proxy for microsoft
1.0	Question: newspaper idaho mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location nampa?	Context: boise subpart of idaho;boise subpart of idaho;nampa mutual proxy for idaho
0.4375	Question: sports league nhl agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team washington capitals?	Context: new york islanders agent collaborates with agent nhl;new york islanders agent collaborates with agent nhl;washington capitals agent collaborates with agent nhl
1.0	Question: state or province products agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Canada) search?	Context: products arthropod that feeds on insect things;things agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: mollusk times agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist andrew ross sorkin?	Context: c j  wilson agent collaborates with agent times;c j  wilson agent collaborates with agent times;andrew ross sorkin agent collaborates with agent times
0.99560546875	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team peninsula college pirates?	Context: wildcats team plays in league ncaa;wildcats team plays in league ncaa;peninsula college pirates team plays in league ncaa
0.96484375	Question: attraction art location located within location what? Is the correct answer: publication the new?	Context: new york location contains location art;new york city attractions art;the new location contains location art
0.4375	Question: clothing boots clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing fingerless gloves?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing boots;boots clothing to go with clothing shirt;fingerless gloves clothing to go with clothing boots
0.859375	Question: state or province california super part of what? Is the correct answer: music album order?	Context: los angeles ca subpart of california;los angeles ca subpart of california;order subpart of california
1.0	Question: sports team white sox team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: mlb league teams white sox;mlb league teams yankees;mlb league teams yankees
0.4375	Question: bank worldpay competes with what? Is the correct answer: company google?	Context: google competes with worldpay;eric schmidt top member of organization google;google organization has top member eric schmidt
1.0	Question: bank northern rock bank bank in country what? Is the correct answer: country england?	Context: england inverse of bank bank in country northern rock;england country cities london;england country cities london
0.9823378920555115	Question: radio station dothan at location what? Is the correct answer: city alabama?	Context: alabama located at dothan;alabama located at jacksonville;alabama located at jacksonville
0.4375	Question: magazine vegas super part of what? Is the correct answer: building feature south coast?	Context: mandalay bay subpart of vegas;mandalay bay subpart of vegas;south coast subpart of vegas
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bathroom item suit?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;suit mutual proxy for new
0.71875	Question: bank unit at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1942?	Context: unit arthropod that feeds on insect n1994;n1994 date of france france;n1942 date of france france
1.0	Question: CEO frederick smith person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: company fedex?	Context: fedex organization led by person frederick smith;fedex organization led by person frederick smith;fedex organization led by person frederick smith
0.4375	Question: company echostar communications agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO charlie ergen?	Context: charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications;charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications;charlie ergen agent collaborates with agent echostar communications
0.4375	Question: animal creatures animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal kittens?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;kittens animal preys on creatures
0.859375	Question: date literal n2007 date of what? Is the correct answer: city nature?	Context: bangkok at date n2007;bangkok at date n2007;nature at date n2007
0.4375	Question: university indiana university agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: coach tom crean?	Context: terry hoeppner agent collaborates with agent indiana university;terry hoeppner agent collaborates with agent indiana university;tom crean agent collaborates with agent indiana university
0.4375	Question: chemical current water super part of what? Is the correct answer: programming language issues?	Context: current water arthropod that feeds on insect state;state subpart of air;issues subpart of air
1.0	Question: television station wztv tv subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox superpart of organization wztv tv;fox superpart of organization kvct;fox superpart of organization kvct
0.8937135338783264	Question: city dortmund location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country germany?	Context: germany location contains location dortmund;germany geopolitical location contains city munich;germany geopolitical location contains city munich
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city melbourne?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;melbourne mutual proxy for new
1.0	Question: city kendall park proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province newjersey?	Context: kendall park arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;newjersey proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: date n1955 date of what? Is the correct answer: politics issue service?	Context: n1955 arthropod that feeds on insect power;power at date n2006;service at date n2006
1.0	Question: city yellowknife location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location northwest territories001?	Context: northwest territories001 geopolitical location contains city yellowknife;northwest territories001 geopolitical location contains city yellowknife;northwest territories001 location contains location yellowknife
1.0	Question: sports team new york football giants at location what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: philadelphia located at new york football giants;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia
0.96484375	Question: academic field directors at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2008 date of directors;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.71875	Question: agent months agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city southeast?	Context: months agent acts in location west;west location acted in by agent years;southeast location acted in by agent years
0.4375	Question: scientific term norm proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of norm;new proxy of brazil;new proxy of brazil
0.4375	Question: state or province kalimantan barat mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city pontianak?	Context: pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat;pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat;pontianak mutual proxy for kalimantan barat
0.859375	Question: clothing hat clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing chaps?	Context: grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;chaps clothing to go with clothing hat
0.4375	Question: person day agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: celebrity ups?	Context: day arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect express;ups agent competes with agent express
1.0	Question: CEO hiroshi okuda works for what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker toyota?	Context: toyota worker hiroshi okuda;toyota worker hiroshi okuda;toyota worker hiroshi okuda
0.71875	Question: government organization governments subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state?	Context: state superpart of organization governments;state superpart of organization law;state superpart of organization law
1.0	Question: bank rbs has office in country what? Is the correct answer: country scotland?	Context: sir fred goodwin person terminated by organization rbs;sir fred goodwin person terminated by organization rbs;scotland country has company office rbs
1.0	Question: insect insects inverse of animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect blackflies?	Context: insects inverse of arthropod called arthropod bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;blackflies animal such as invertebrate insects
0.4375	Question: politician - US rick waugh agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province nova scotia?	Context: nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh;nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh;nova scotia agent collaborates with agent rick waugh
0.4375	Question: academic field management program synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: management program arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency synonym for department;office synonym for department
0.4375	Question: company ge agent controls what? Is the correct answer: person welch?	Context: jeffrey immelt controlled by agent ge;ge controlled by agent jeffrey immelt;welch controlled by agent ge
0.4375	Question: ML author web search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: website lycos?	Context: web search arthropod that feeds on insect google search;google search agent competes with agent search;lycos agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: emotion charity mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for charity;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.96484375	Question: programming language services synonym for what? Is the correct answer: job position deputy?	Context: office synonym for services;office synonym for programs;deputy synonym for programs
1.0	Question: visual artist white person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: newspaper record?	Context: press organization led by person white;press organization led by person white;record organization led by person white
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue treasure island hotel at location what? Is the correct answer: city vegas?	Context: treasure island hotel arthropod that feeds on insect flamingo las vegas;flamingo las vegas located at mandalay bay events center;vegas located at mandalay bay events center
0.982421875	Question: city georgia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: island mcdonough?	Context: vince dooley person terminated by organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;mcdonough proxy for georgia
0.4375	Question: person - US jason bay agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team pittsburgh pirates?	Context: jason bay arthropod that feeds on insect adrian gonzalez;adrian gonzalez agent collaborates with agent mlb;pittsburgh pirates agent belongs to organization mlb
0.4375	Question: clothing knit shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing slacks?	Context: knit shirt arthropod that feeds on insect tie;shirt clothing to go with clothing tie;slacks clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: country south east asia synonym for what? Is the correct answer: city malaysia?	Context: south east asia arthropod that feeds on insect bangkok;bangkok at date n2008;malaysia at date n2008
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team astros?	Context: mlb agent controls red sox;bad cubs subpart of mlb;astros team plays against team bad cubs
0.96484375	Question: television station kcoy controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs organization has agent kcoy;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv
1.0	Question: bank orchard bank controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker hsbc bank usa?	Context: hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank;hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank;hsbc bank usa agent controls orchard bank
1.0	Question: sports team cleveland browns team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team detroit lions?	Context: nfl league teams cleveland browns;minnesota vikings subpart of nfl;detroit lions team plays against team minnesota vikings
0.982421875	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team thomas night hawks?	Context: oregon ducks team plays in league ncaa;oregon ducks team plays in league ncaa;thomas night hawks team plays in league ncaa
1.0	Question: insect mantids agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: mantids arthropod that feeds on insect scale insects;scale insects agent competes with agent insects;insects agent competes with agent insects
1.0	Question: politician - US john johnson mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: music song crossroads?	Context: john johnson person terminated by organization fidelity;john johnson person terminated by organization fidelity;crossroads mutual proxy for john johnson
0.99945068359375	Question: animal animals001 animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal bear?	Context: creatures animal predators animals001;animals001 animal predators creatures;bear animal predators animals001
0.4375	Question: coach ike brown agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team cleveland cavaliers?	Context: cleveland cavaliers agent collaborates with agent ike brown;ike brown works for cleveland cavaliers;cleveland cavaliers agent collaborates with agent ike brown
0.9827306866645813	Question: state or province california proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city cupertino?	Context: los angeles ca proxy for california;california super part of los angeles ca;cupertino proxy for california
0.859375	Question: animal carnivores animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal foxes?	Context: carnivores animal preys on carnivores;birds002 animal preys on carnivores;foxes animal preys on birds002
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical organization concerts agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: concerts arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york proxy of new york;new location acted in by agent new york
0.9968706965446472	Question: country senegal geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city dakar?	Context: senegal country capital dakar;senegal country capital dakar;dakar city located in geopolitical location senegal
0.71875	Question: politics blog koco tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: koco tv arthropod that feeds on insect tv;tv agent controls peter jennings;abc agent controls peter jennings
0.4375	Question: city bonn proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country germany?	Context: bonn arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of berlin;germany proxy of berlin
0.9999927282333374	Question: person charlie king super part of what? Is the correct answer: company national action network?	Context: national action network subpart of charlie king;national action network subpart of charlie king;national action network subpart of charlie king
0.4375	Question: terrorist organization black widow synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product spider?	Context: spider synonym for black widow;spider synonym for brown recluse spider;spider synonym for brown recluse spider
0.4375	Question: journalist rick telander agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: blog sun times?	Context: rick telander arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect sun times
1.0	Question: publication nbc universal agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company whag?	Context: david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;nbc universal agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff;whag agent collaborates with agent nbc universal
0.71875	Question: city d c  super part of what? Is the correct answer: coach tyrone willingham?	Context: d c  organization has person howard kurtz;d c  organization has person howard kurtz;tyrone willingham subpart of d c 
0.71875	Question: politics blog philadelphia inquirer worker what? Is the correct answer: journalist phil sheridan?	Context: phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer;phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer;phil sheridan works for philadelphia inquirer
0.859375	Question: coach washington huskies agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent washington huskies;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.4375	Question: newspaper daily competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog eschaton?	Context: independent competes with daily;independent competes with daily;eschaton competes with daily
0.9999999403953552	Question: reptile rattlesnakes animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: rattlesnakes arthropod that feeds on insect coyotes;predators animal predators coyotes;animals animal preys on predators
0.9999998807907104	Question: stadium or event venue mellon arena at location what? Is the correct answer: city pittsburgh?	Context: pittsburgh located at mellon arena;pittsburgh city attractions mellon arena;pittsburgh located at mellon arena
0.71875	Question: building residence at date what? Is the correct answer: month january?	Context: residence proxy for new;new at location meeting;january date of meeting
0.9999656677246094	Question: person julia person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: university college?	Context: julia arthropod that feeds on insect state university;peter person graduated from university state university;college inverse of person graduated from university peter
1.0	Question: country america inverse of sport fans in country what? Is the correct answer: sport soccer?	Context: golf sport fans in country america;america inverse of sport fans in country golf;soccer sport fans in country america
0.859375	Question: city columbia mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: new york mutual proxy for columbia;new york geopolitical location contains city new york;new york mutual proxy for new york
0.859375	Question: job position senior minister synonym for what? Is the correct answer: academic field affairs?	Context: senior minister arthropod that feeds on insect secretary;secretary synonym for office;affairs synonym for office
0.9999999403953552	Question: organization italian organization has person what? Is the correct answer: politician - US silvio berlusconi?	Context: silvio berlusconi person belongs to organization italian;silvio berlusconi works for italian;silvio berlusconi works for italian
1.0	Question: person hugh hefner agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: magazine playboy enterprises international?	Context: hugh hefner person terminated by organization playboy enterprises international;playboy enterprises international organization has agent hugh hefner;playboy enterprises international organization has agent hugh hefner
0.859375	Question: country france france agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: trade union article?	Context: nicolas sarkozy works for france france;nicolas sarkozy works for france france;article agent competes with agent france france
0.859375	Question: country italy agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: trade union article?	Context: italy synonym for republic;republic synonym for history;article agent competes with agent history
1.0	Question: reptile muskrat agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal furbearers?	Context: animals003 agent competes with agent muskrat;animals003 agent competes with agent muskrat;furbearers agent competes with agent muskrat
1.0	Question: person - US richard taylor agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: organization international hydropower association?	Context: international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor;international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor;international hydropower association organization has agent richard taylor
0.4375	Question: academic field system subpart of what? Is the correct answer: programming language dollar?	Context: facilities super part of system;facilities super part of system;dollar super part of system
0.4375	Question: sports team chicago cardinals agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal birds002?	Context: chicago cardinals agent competes with agent eagles;birds002 agent competes with agent eagles
0.9999902844429016	Question: city toronto city hotels what? Is the correct answer: hotel hotel victoria?	Context: hotel le germain hotel in city toronto;toronto city hotels hotel le germain;hotel victoria hotel in city toronto
0.71875	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: television station wjla?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;wjla controlled by agent abc
1.0	Question: county fox superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: television station wemt?	Context: kvct controlled by agent fox;kvct controlled by agent fox;wemt subpart of organization fox
0.4375	Question: animal badgers animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal predators?	Context: predators animal predators badgers;salmon inverse of animal such as fish predators;predators animal such as fish salmon
0.4375	Question: city murdoch agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company newscorp?	Context: news corp  agent collaborates with agent murdoch;news corp  agent collaborates with agent murdoch;newscorp agent collaborates with agent murdoch
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) adult agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: adult arthropod that feeds on insect rss;rss agent competes with agent twitter;search agent competes with agent twitter
1.0	Question: city fort myers location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: fort myers arthropod that feeds on insect american;american agent acts in location state;national agent acts in location state
1.0	Question: sports team chicago fire subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league mls?	Context: mls super part of chicago fire;mls super part of chicago fire;mls super part of chicago fire
0.4375	Question: musician tim kinsella agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US joan of arc?	Context: joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella;joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella;joan of arc agent collaborates with agent tim kinsella
0.4375	Question: company japan competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog daily yomiuri?	Context: twitter competes with japan;twitter competes with japan;daily yomiuri competes with japan
0.71875	Question: university college inverse of person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jerry?	Context: peter person graduated from university college;college school attended by person peter;jerry person graduated from university college
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location florida001 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city new port richey?	Context: boca raton subpart of florida001;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;new port richey mutual proxy for florida001
0.9999995231628418	Question: company los angeles organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: person richard riordan?	Context: antonio villaraigosa person hired by organization los angeles;antonio villaraigosa person hired by organization los angeles;richard riordan person hired by organization los angeles
0.71875	Question: visualizable scene duarte at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california located at duarte;california geopolitical location contains city bay;california geopolitical location contains city bay
0.9912109375	Question: city columbia city also known as what? Is the correct answer: city ohio?	Context: columbia city television station wltx tv;columbia city television station wltx tv;ohio city also known as columbia
0.96484375	Question: bank paypal integration competes with what? Is the correct answer: company google?	Context: google competes with paypal integration;eric schmidt top member of organization google;google organization has top member eric schmidt
0.9959482550621033	Question: professor steve doocy person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: blog fox news?	Context: fox organization has person steve doocy;fox organization has person charles krauthammer;fox news organization has person charles krauthammer
0.4375	Question: person transition mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: transition arthropod that feeds on insect center;center mutual proxy for board;new mutual proxy for board
1.0	Question: state or province washington state or province is bordered by state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province oregon?	Context: new mexico state or province is bordered by state or province washington;oregon state or province is bordered by state or province new mexico
0.4375	Question: coach kaman agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city brand?	Context: kaman arthropod that feeds on insect team;team agent collaborates with agent jobs;brand agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.4375	Question: state or province oklahoma located at what? Is the correct answer: music song durant?	Context: oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;durant at location oklahoma
0.9727445840835571	Question: mammal predators animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal raccoons?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish predators;predators animal such as fish salmon;raccoons animal predators predators
0.9999998211860657	Question: stadium or event venue san diego padres at location what? Is the correct answer: county san diego?	Context: san diego located at san diego padres;san diego located at qualcomm stadium;san diego located at qualcomm stadium
0.9999998211860657	Question: city chihuahua location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country mexico?	Context: mexico geopolitical location contains city chihuahua;mexico geopolitical location contains city guadalajara;mexico location contains location guadalajara
0.4375	Question: politics blog times magazine at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: times magazine arthropod that feeds on insect beacon theatre;beacon theatre proxy of new york;new proxy of new york
0.4375	Question: invertebrate common pests inverse of animal feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: insect bugs?	Context: common pests arthropod that feeds on insect bugs;insects inverse of arthropod and other arthropod bugs;bugs animal such as insect insects
0.7297818660736084	Question: animal fleas001 animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: fleas001 arthropod that feeds on insect snakes;snakes animal type has animal predators;creatures animal type has animal predators
0.982421875	Question: animal animals003 specialization of what? Is the correct answer: animal pets001?	Context: pets001 generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003
1.0	Question: sports team boston red subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: boston red subpart of mlb;mlb superpart of organization yankees;mlb superpart of organization yankees
0.9999917149543762	Question: stadium or event venue fillmore auditorium location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city denver?	Context: denver location contains location fillmore auditorium;denver city stadiums invesco field at mile high;invesco field at mile high attraction of city denver
0.4375	Question: person - US b j  ryan agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team devil rays?	Context: tampa agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan;tampa agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan;devil rays agent collaborates with agent b j  ryan
1.0	Question: person boston proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue fenway park?	Context: boston arthropod that feeds on insect last minute;last minute proxy of chicago;fenway park proxy of chicago
0.982421875	Question: book term at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2001?	Context: n2008 date of term;n2008 date of state;n2001 date of state
1.0	Question: island islamorada at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: florida001 located at islamorada;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton
1.0	Question: hotel claridges hotel in city what? Is the correct answer: city london?	Context: london city hotels claridges;grosvenor house hotel in city london;london city hotels grosvenor house
1.0	Question: country thailand country capital what? Is the correct answer: city bangkok?	Context: bangkok city capital of country thailand;bangkok city capital of country thailand;bangkok city capital of country thailand
1.0	Question: CEO glenn f  tilton works for what? Is the correct answer: bank ual?	Context: ual worker glenn f  tilton;ual worker glenn f  tilton;ual worker glenn f  tilton
0.4375	Question: language brazilian portuguese language of country what? Is the correct answer: country brazil?	Context: brazil country language brazilian portuguese;brazil country cities rio;brazil country cities rio
0.9999991059303284	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals super part of what? Is the correct answer: city auburn?	Context: kentucky subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;kentucky subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;auburn subpart of ncaa midwest regionals
1.0	Question: person mugabe agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: political party zanu pf?	Context: zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe;zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe;zanu pf agent collaborates with agent mugabe
0.4375	Question: government organization state dept synonym for what? Is the correct answer: programming language services?	Context: state dept arthropod that feeds on insect u  s  department;u  s  department synonym for office;services synonym for office
1.0	Question: person kenneth kaunda mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country zambia?	Context: kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia
0.4375	Question: state or province west virginia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location weston?	Context: west virginia state contains city lewisburg;west virginia state contains city lewisburg;weston proxy for west virginia
1.0	Question: hallway item areas subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of areas;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.859375	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: n2010 arthropod that feeds on insect department;department at date n2004;new york at date n2004
0.4246821999549866	Question: city yorba linda located at what? Is the correct answer: visual art movement american?	Context: american at location yorba linda;american at location lakewood;american at location lakewood
1.0	Question: sports team suns organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach terry porter?	Context: terry porter works for suns;terry porter person hired by organization phoenix;terry porter person hired by organization phoenix
0.859375	Question: company china competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog u s?	Context: u s competes with china;u s competes with china;u s competes with china
0.9999978542327881	Question: visual artist white works for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location members001?	Context: department worker white;department worker white;members001 worker white
0.859375	Question: company kcal tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: athlete ind?	Context: ind agent collaborates with agent kcal tv;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt
0.859375	Question: trade union web site agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization times?	Context: web site arthropod that feeds on insect rules;rules agent collaborates with agent jobs;times agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.9999618530273438	Question: country japan location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization kagoshima?	Context: japan geopolitical location contains city tokyo;japan geopolitical location contains city tokyo;kagoshima location located within location japan
1.0	Question: company eads superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company airbus?	Context: louis gallois person terminated by organization eads;louis gallois person terminated by organization airbus
1.0	Question: bank citigroup global markets organization terminated person what? Is the correct answer: CEO vikram s  pandit?	Context: citigroup global markets organization headquartered in city new york;citigroup organization headquartered in city new york;vikram s  pandit person terminated by organization citigroup
1.0	Question: insect scale insects animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: scale insects arthropod that feeds on insect slugs;pests animal such as invertebrate slugs;insects inverse of animal such as invertebrate pests
1.0	Question: animal animals001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal panthers?	Context: predators agent competes with agent animals001;animals001 agent competes with agent predators;panthers agent competes with agent animals001
0.9998626708984375	Question: politics issue regulation subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of regulation;water super part of pump;water super part of pump
0.71875	Question: programming language end subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of end;air super part of state;air super part of state
1.0	Question: state or province illinois located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization lindenhurst?	Context: illinois arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect lindenhurst
0.3367187976837158	Question: mammal boars animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: boars arthropod that feeds on insect lions;lions animal type has animal wild animals;animals animal type has animal wild animals
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: person minnesota?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;minnesota proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: male chile at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2008 date of chile;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.96484375	Question: organization tampa bay devil rays team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team pirates?	Context: tampa bay devil rays arthropod that feeds on insect adrian gonzalez;yankees organization has person adrian gonzalez;pirates team plays against team yankees
0.9982255697250366	Question: city baltimore city attractions what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue camden yards?	Context: oriole park at camden yards attraction of city baltimore;oriole park at camden yards attraction of city baltimore;camden yards attraction of city baltimore
1.0	Question: political party zimbabwe african peoples union organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: politician - US joshua nkomo?	Context: joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union;joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union;joshua nkomo person leads organization zimbabwe african peoples union
0.4375	Question: comedian requests agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: requests arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect search
0.4375	Question: street capitol street mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: capitol street arthropod that feeds on insect center;center mutual proxy for board;new mutual proxy for board
0.4375	Question: politician - US rich rodriguez agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: credit union arizona?	Context: rich rodriguez arthropod that feeds on insect obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;arizona agent collaborates with agent clinton
1.0	Question: sports team tampa bay bucs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: coach jon gruden?	Context: tampa bay bucs arthropod that feeds on insect carl crawford;carl crawford agent belongs to organization tampa;jon gruden agent belongs to organization tampa
0.4375	Question: government organization enterprise mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: enterprise arthropod that feeds on insect miami;miami mutual proxy for florida001;new mutual proxy for florida001
0.9999656677246094	Question: book house mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: book six?	Context: house mutual proxy for new;six mutual proxy for new
0.9912109375	Question: political party government superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: professional organization fund?	Context: government arthropod that feeds on insect centre;state agent collaborates with agent centre;fund subpart of organization state
0.4375	Question: clothing plaid shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing jackets?	Context: plaid shirts arthropod that feeds on insect skirts;skirts clothing made from plant grass;jackets clothing made from plant grass
0.9296875	Question: book brainchild proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of brainchild;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.4375	Question: physical action removal subpart of what? Is the correct answer: profession clean water?	Context: removal arthropod that feeds on insect water treatment;water treatment super part of facilities;clean water super part of facilities
0.4375	Question: journalist southern asia agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province article?	Context: article agent competes with agent southern asia;article agent competes with agent philippines;article agent competes with agent philippines
0.859375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist cal thomas?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume controlled by agent fox;cal thomas agent belongs to organization fox
0.4375	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company krma tv?	Context: wcvw agent belongs to organization pbs;wcvw controlled by agent pbs;krma tv agent belongs to organization pbs
0.4375	Question: biotech company corel corporation agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person michael cowpland?	Context: michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation;michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation;michael cowpland agent collaborates with agent corel corporation
0.997802734375	Question: table item producer mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: producer arthropod that feeds on insect dc;dc proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
0.71875	Question: bank royal bank acquired what? Is the correct answer: bank worldpay?	Context: stephen hester controlled by agent royal bank;royal bank organization led by person stephen hester;worldpay acquired by royal bank
0.9999967217445374	Question: country maldives country language what? Is the correct answer: language dhivehi?	Context: maldives country capital maldives;maldives city located in country maldives;dhivehi language of country maldives
1.0	Question: event outcome items mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for items;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.859375	Question: clothing long sleeved shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hat?	Context: hat clothing to go with clothing long sleeved shirts;hat clothing made from plant grass;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat
0.4375	Question: kitchen item retailer subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: retailer arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect water
1.0	Question: clothing pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing t shirts?	Context: shorts clothing to go with clothing pants;shirt clothing to go with clothing shorts;t shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: director kevin higgins agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city citadel?	Context: citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins;citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins;citadel agent collaborates with agent kevin higgins
0.18619932234287262	Question: hotel york located at what? Is the correct answer: weapon national?	Context: national at location york;national at location san jose;national at location san jose
0.4375	Question: government organization npr worker what? Is the correct answer: person carl kasell?	Context: vivian schiller001 person belongs to organization npr;vivian schiller001 works for npr;carl kasell person belongs to organization npr
0.4375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: radio station wntz?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume controlled by agent fox;wntz agent collaborates with agent fox
0.4375	Question: cell type organs subpart of what? Is the correct answer: archaea increase blood?	Context: organs arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect increase blood
1.0	Question: vegetable kelp inverse of animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: mollusk sea urchins?	Context: sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp;sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp;sea urchins animal eat vegetable kelp
0.4375	Question: state or province indiana mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city shelbyville?	Context: indiana arthropod that feeds on insect new;new mutual proxy for kentucky;shelbyville mutual proxy for kentucky
0.96484375	Question: radio station wcdc agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: wcdc arthropod that feeds on insect tv;tv agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson;abc agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson
0.4375	Question: geopolitical organization kinmen location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city taiwan?	Context: taiwan location contains location kinmen;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei
0.99945068359375	Question: state or province virginia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city virginia beach?	Context: virginia arthropod that feeds on insect texas;texas proxy for new;virginia beach proxy for new
0.71875	Question: city texas located at what? Is the correct answer: city la porte?	Context: mack brown person belongs to organization texas;texas organization has person mack brown;la porte at location texas
1.0	Question: geopolitical location destinations mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new at location destinations;new proxy of germany;new proxy of germany
0.4375	Question: state or province maryland proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city clinton?	Context: maryland arthropod that feeds on insect d c ;d c  mutual proxy for new jersey;clinton proxy for new jersey
1.0	Question: coach eric mangini subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league new?	Context: new york jets super part of eric mangini;eric mangini coach's team new york jets;new super part of eric mangini
0.99945068359375	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog google ?	Context: aol video agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent aol video;google  agent competes with agent search
0.9973840713500977	Question: company microsoft agent involved with item what? Is the correct answer: video game system works?	Context: microsoft excel item involved with agent microsoft;microsoft excel item involved with agent microsoft;works item involved with agent microsoft
0.71875	Question: university notre dame organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach ara parseghian?	Context: charlie weis person hired by organization notre dame;charlie weis person hired by organization notre dame;notre dame organization has person ara parseghian
1.0	Question: automobile maker infiniti automobile maker dealers in country what? Is the correct answer: country uk?	Context: uk country has company office infiniti;bmw has office in country uk;uk country has company office bmw
0.9296875	Question: coach luke fickell works for what? Is the correct answer: university ohio state?	Context: ohio state worker luke fickell;ohio state worker luke fickell;ohio state worker luke fickell
1.0	Question: automobile maker toyota automobile maker dealers in country what? Is the correct answer: country south africa?	Context: south africa inverse of automobile maker dealers in country toyota;south africa country capital cape town;south africa country cities cape town
0.71875	Question: sports league nba league stadiums what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue time warner cable arena?	Context: nba super part of hawks los angeles lakers vs;hawks los angeles lakers vs subpart of nba;time warner cable arena stadium home to league nba
0.71875	Question: ski area premier located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: premier arthropod that feeds on insect generations;generations at location west;new at location west
0.26358455419540405	Question: person dave002 person moved to state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province wisconsin?	Context: dave002 arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect madison;wisconsin located at madison
0.4375	Question: clothing hats clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tops?	Context: skirts clothing to go with clothing hats;tops clothing to go with clothing skirts
1.0	Question: politician michael nutter works for what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: philadelphia geopolitical organization led by person michael nutter;philadelphia worker alycia lane;philadelphia worker alycia lane
1.0	Question: animal deer002 specialization of what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate ruminants?	Context: creatures generalization of deer002;creatures generalization of deer002;ruminants generalization of deer002
0.4375	Question: academic field association synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession providers?	Context: association arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect education;providers profession type has profession education
0.9912109375	Question: publication nbc universal agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wtwo?	Context: david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;wtwo subpart of organization nbc universal
0.9296919703483582	Question: city pembroke pines proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: pembroke pines arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of tampa;florida001 proxy of tampa
0.96484375	Question: radio station beaumont proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city texas?	Context: texas proxy of beaumont;texas proxy of san antonio;texas proxy of san antonio
0.71875	Question: company us airways has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city albuquerque?	Context: us airways arthropod that feeds on insect auburn;national has office in city auburn;albuquerque city has company office national
0.4375	Question: politics issue schools super part of what? Is the correct answer: room systems?	Context: schools subpart of air;systems subpart of air
0.999984085559845	Question: city abc agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television station wsyx tv?	Context: charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent abc;charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent abc;wsyx tv agent collaborates with agent abc
0.71875	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city san fransisco?	Context: texas location acted in by agent american;texas location acted in by agent american;san fransisco location acted in by agent american
0.9999975562095642	Question: mammal deer animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal larger mammals?	Context: wild animals animal is type of animal deer;wild animals animal is type of animal deer;larger mammals animal is type of animal deer
1.0	Question: CEO edward j  zander works for what? Is the correct answer: university motorola?	Context: motorola worker edward j  zander;motorola worker edward j  zander;motorola worker edward j  zander
1.0	Question: sports team south dakota state jackrabbits team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams south dakota state jackrabbits;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
1.0	Question: company qwest communications agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO richard notebaert?	Context: richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications;richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications;richard notebaert agent collaborates with agent qwest communications
0.9999999403953552	Question: sports team dallas mavericks tv watch subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nba?	Context: nba super part of dallas mavericks tv watch;nba superpart of organization suns;nba superpart of organization suns
0.4375	Question: clothing wedding clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shoes?	Context: wedding arthropod that feeds on insect hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes
0.9916936755180359	Question: mammal rats animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal rodents?	Context: rats arthropod that feeds on insect cats;cats animal predators creatures;rodents animal predators creatures
0.4375	Question: professor david brock agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company media matters?	Context: media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock;media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock;media matters agent collaborates with agent david brock
0.9950727820396423	Question: credit union michigan super part of what? Is the correct answer: city lansing?	Context: bo schembechler controlled by agent michigan;michigan organization has person bo schembechler;lansing mutual proxy for michigan
1.0	Question: state or province gold location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization times?	Context: gold arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect paris;times agent acts in location paris
0.9912109375	Question: television station wung tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs agent collaborates with agent wung tv;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) ncaa agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team vmi keydets?	Context: georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;vmi keydets agent collaborates with agent ncaa
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team also known as what? Is the correct answer: sports team red sox this season?	Context: red sox at location anaheim;red sox this season at location anaheim
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person - US task force?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;task force mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: coach kentucky mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue warsaw?	Context: warsaw mutual proxy for kentucky;warsaw mutual proxy for graduate;warsaw mutual proxy for graduate
1.0	Question: person kenneth kaunda agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: country zambia?	Context: zambia agent controls kenneth kaunda;kenneth kaunda person leads geopolitical organization zambia;zambia agent controls kenneth kaunda
0.4375	Question: year n1881 proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: n1881 arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: sports league mlb superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team phillies?	Context: mlb league teams louis cardinals;mlb league teams louis cardinals;mlb league teams phillies
0.9296875	Question: music artist american at location what? Is the correct answer: city waimanalo?	Context: arizona located at american;arizona location acted in by agent american;waimanalo location acted in by agent american
1.0	Question: city vegas city attractions what? Is the correct answer: attraction palazzo?	Context: vegas located at mandalay bay events center;mandalay bay events center at location vegas;palazzo attraction of city vegas
1.0	Question: mammal cows animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: vegetable corn?	Context: cows arthropod that feeds on insect vegetables;vegetables inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;corn inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001
1.0	Question: city tucson city television station what? Is the correct answer: television station kvoa?	Context: kvoa television station in city tucson;kvoa television station in city tucson;kvoa television station in city tucson
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: music song xanadu?	Context: new proxy of office;new mutual proxy for office;xanadu mutual proxy for new
0.96484375	Question: magazine potential customers agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: potential customers arthropod that feeds on insect rss;rss agent competes with agent twitter;search agent competes with agent twitter
0.9999914169311523	Question: mammal humans animal predators what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: humans animal preys on humans;animals001 animal predators humans;creatures animal preys on animals001
0.96484375	Question: company dallas morning news001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate news?	Context: dallas morning news001 arthropod that feeds on insect daily news001;daily news001 agent competes with agent wall street;news agent competes with agent wall street
1.0	Question: city phoenix  arizona city has company office what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker nissan?	Context: nissan has office in city phoenix  arizona;carlos ghosn inverse of automobile maker chief executive CEO nissan;carlos ghosn inverse of automobile maker chief executive CEO nissan
1.0	Question: scientist mitch kapor works for what? Is the correct answer: city lotus?	Context: lotus worker mitch kapor;lotus worker mitch kapor;lotus worker mitch kapor
0.4375	Question: politician world agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person eddie001?	Context: jobs agent collaborates with agent world;jobs agent collaborates with agent world;eddie001 agent collaborates with agent world
0.9648460149765015	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: newspaper wten?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;wten controlled by agent abc
0.9998120069503784	Question: city texas located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location irving?	Context: mack brown person belongs to organization texas;texas organization has person mack brown;irving at location texas
0.99945068359375	Question: city work agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: work arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: television station ktvi tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox super part of ktvi tv;fox super part of brit hume;fox super part of brit hume
0.997387170791626	Question: geopolitical location valencia inverse of language school in city what? Is the correct answer: language spanish language?	Context: spanish language language school in city valencia;cuernavaca inverse of language school in city spanish language;spanish language language school in city cuernavaca
0.859375	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: lake fountain hills?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent national;d c  location acted in by agent national;fountain hills location acted in by agent national
0.982421875	Question: politics issue service at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2003?	Context: n2005 date of service;n2005 date of department;n2003 date of department
1.0	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city medford?	Context: d c  city has company office national;d c  city has company office national;medford city has company office national
0.9562729001045227	Question: person lynn person attends school what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: lynn arthropod that feeds on insect college;college school attended by person peter;state university school attended by person peter
0.71875	Question: geometric shape installation subpart of what? Is the correct answer: transportation central air?	Context: water super part of installation;water super part of systems;central air super part of systems
1.0	Question: politician olaf scholz mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bank hamburg?	Context: olaf scholz person leads city hamburg;hamburg city located in geopolitical location germany;hamburg mutual proxy for germany
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: hobby infant?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;new mutual proxy for n2007;infant proxy for new
0.4375	Question: radio station klrn agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs superpart of organization klrn;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt
0.4375	Question: clothing white sweater clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: white sweater arthropod that feeds on insect sweater;sweater clothing to go with clothing shirt;pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.999725341796875	Question: automobile maker acura automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: city reno?	Context: georgia inverse of automobile maker dealers in city acura;acura automobile maker dealers in city georgia;reno inverse of automobile maker dealers in city acura
0.989540159702301	Question: island post at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: post located at new;new york located at new
0.4375	Question: mammal domestic animals agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: mammal ferrets?	Context: domestic animals arthropod that feeds on insect livestock;livestock agent competes with agent animals001;ferrets agent competes with agent animals001
0.9999933838844299	Question: person mark hackard person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: non-governmental organization nixon center?	Context: nixon center organization hired person mark hackard;mark hackard person terminated by organization nixon center;nixon center organization hired person mark hackard
0.71875	Question: city merida location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state002?	Context: state002 location contains location merida;states location located within location state002;state002 location contains location states
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: ML dataset n20?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;n20 proxy for new
1.0	Question: state or province connecticut located at what? Is the correct answer: wine oakville?	Context: connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;oakville at location connecticut
0.96484375	Question: visualizable thing computer proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: computer arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
0.992618203163147	Question: bank barclays organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: CEO bob diamond?	Context: john silvester varley person leads organization barclays;john silvester varley person leads organization barclays;bob diamond person leads organization barclays
0.859375	Question: event outcome establishment at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: n2008 date of establishment;n2008 date of state;n2002 date of state
0.859375	Question: date literal n2002 date of what? Is the correct answer: hallway item problem?	Context: n2002 arthropod that feeds on insect sharm el sheikh;sharm el sheikh at date n2010;problem at date n2010
1.0	Question: person hanna gronkiewicz waltz mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue warsaw?	Context: hanna gronkiewicz waltz controlled by agent warsaw;hanna gronkiewicz waltz person belongs to organization warsaw;warsaw mutual proxy for hanna gronkiewicz waltz
1.0	Question: sports team allegheny gators at location what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: philadelphia located at allegheny gators;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia;michael nutter person leads geopolitical organization philadelphia
0.859375	Question: clothing white shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing black jacket?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing white shirt;black jacket clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.859375	Question: company new york competes with what? Is the correct answer: company motley fool?	Context: derek jeter person terminated by organization new york;derek jeter works for new york;motley fool competes with new york
0.4375	Question: country republic country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country cuba?	Context: countries country also known as republic;mozambique country located in geopolitical location countries;cuba country also known as mozambique
1.0	Question: politician - US christine todd whitman politician represents location what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: new jersey location represented by politician christine todd whitman;new brunswick city located in state new jersey;new jersey state contains city new brunswick
0.4375	Question: vertebrate news agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: company home depot inc?	Context: journal agent competes with agent news;journal agent competes with agent news;home depot inc agent competes with agent news
1.0	Question: insect insects inverse of arthropod called arthropod what? Is the correct answer: insect green lacewings?	Context: bugs arthropod called arthropod insects;insects arthropod called arthropod bugs;green lacewings arthropod called arthropod insects
0.4375	Question: person - US jason kubel agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: actor signing?	Context: twins agent collaborates with agent jason kubel;twins agent collaborates with agent jason kubel;signing agent collaborates with agent jason kubel
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) ncaa agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team byu cougars?	Context: georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;georgia bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa;byu cougars agent collaborates with agent ncaa
0.859375	Question: publication eastern economic review agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist journal?	Context: eastern economic review arthropod that feeds on insect usa today001;usa today001 agent competes with agent news;journal agent competes with agent news
1.0	Question: planet friends controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: jobs agent controls friends;jobs agent controls microsoft;jobs agent controls microsoft
0.4375	Question: clothing costume clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable thing t shirt?	Context: costume arthropod that feeds on insect boots;shoes clothing to go with clothing boots;t shirt clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: month august?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;august mutual proxy for new
1.0	Question: company canadian islamic congress organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: person sylvain abitbol?	Context: sylvain abitbol person leads organization canadian islamic congress;sylvain abitbol top member of organization canadian islamic congress;sylvain abitbol person leads organization canadian islamic congress
1.0	Question: person - US allan moss agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: bank macquarie bank?	Context: macquarie bank agent collaborates with agent allan moss;macquarie bank agent collaborates with agent allan moss;macquarie bank agent collaborates with agent allan moss
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: city redondo beach?	Context: sonoma at location california;california state contains city sonoma;redondo beach at location california
0.4375	Question: politician - US jobs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO jonathan schwartz?	Context: jobs person terminated by organization apple;jobs works for apple;jonathan schwartz agent collaborates with agent jobs
1.0	Question: city father at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2004?	Context: n2004 date of father;n2004 date of wednesday;n2004 date of wednesday
0.4375	Question: politician - US senators hilary clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician obama?	Context: senators hilary clinton arthropod that feeds on insect george bush;george bush agent collaborates with agent clinton;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.4375	Question: professor david brandon agent controls what? Is the correct answer: food domino s pizza?	Context: domino s pizza controlled by agent david brandon;domino s pizza controlled by agent david brandon;domino s pizza controlled by agent david brandon
0.4375	Question: sports team syracuse orangemen subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: syracuse orangemen arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of kentucky;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky
0.4375	Question: stadium or event venue minute maid park synonym for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue enron field?	Context: enron field synonym for minute maid park;enron field synonym for minute maid park;enron field synonym for minute maid park
0.6345536112785339	Question: profession instructors profession is type of profession what? Is the correct answer: profession specialists?	Context: instructors profession type has profession staff;specialists profession type has profession staff
1.0	Question: color scarlets agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US nigel davies?	Context: scarlets agent controls nigel davies;scarlets agent controls nigel davies;scarlets agent controls nigel davies
0.96484375	Question: state or province presentation agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: presentation arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
1.0	Question: city bentonville companies headquartered here what? Is the correct answer: retail store wal mart stores?	Context: wal mart stores headquartered in bentonville;wal mart stores headquartered in bentonville;wal mart stores headquartered in bentonville
0.4375	Question: sports team san jose earthquakes team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team real salt lake?	Context: mls league teams san jose earthquakes;red bulls team plays in league mls;real salt lake team plays against team red bulls
0.9296875	Question: building feature sales subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of sales;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.859375	Question: sports team wooster fighting scots agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent wooster fighting scots;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.4375	Question: building feature contemporary subpart of what? Is the correct answer: criminal york city?	Context: york city super part of contemporary;york city super part of art;york city super part of art
0.9921660423278809	Question: television station wbng subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs superpart of organization wbng;cnn  pbs superpart of organization klfy;cnn  pbs superpart of organization klfy
0.71875	Question: person melissa person moved to state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california inverse of person moved to state or province melissa;california state contains city l a ;california state contains city l a 
0.96484375	Question: company fast company competes with what? Is the correct answer: newspaper journal?	Context: fast company arthropod that feeds on insect fox news;fox news competes with washington;journal competes with washington
0.4375	Question: company cnbc002 competes with what? Is the correct answer: company money?	Context: cnbc002 organization headquartered in city new york;journal headquartered in new york;money competes with journal
1.0	Question: geopolitical location scottsdale location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national agent acts in location scottsdale;national agent acts in location state;national agent acts in location state
1.0	Question: CEO james w  owens works for what? Is the correct answer: bank caterpillar inc?	Context: caterpillar inc organization led by person james w  owens;james w  owens person leads organization caterpillar inc;caterpillar inc organization led by person james w  owens
0.4375	Question: location myanmar location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: myanmar arthropod that feeds on insect france france;france france proxy of paris;new proxy of paris
0.4375	Question: visualizable scene mableton city has company office what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location national?	Context: national agent acts in location mableton;national agent acts in location new orleans;national has office in city new orleans
1.0	Question: geopolitical organization la puente located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national at location la puente;national at location annapolis;national at location annapolis
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: city nyc ?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;nyc  located at new
0.4375	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: astronaut n7 days?	Context: aol video agent competes with agent search;aol video agent competes with agent search;n7 days agent competes with agent search
0.9917523264884949	Question: language english language of country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location sudan?	Context: united states country language english;united states country language english;sudan country language english
0.9999121427536011	Question: sports team nets team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team spurs?	Context: nba league teams nets;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;spurs team plays against team los angeles lakers
0.982421875	Question: coach andres torres athlete plays for team what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york mets?	Context: new york mets team member andres torres;new york mets team member carlos villanueva;new york mets team member carlos villanueva
0.9855606555938721	Question: CEO elon musk proxy for what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker tesla?	Context: tesla proxy of elon musk;tesla proxy of elon musk;tesla proxy of elon musk
0.997802734375	Question: professional organization national board synonym for what? Is the correct answer: government organization association?	Context: board synonym for national board;board synonym for national board;association synonym for national board
0.982421875	Question: animal creatures animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal elephants?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;elephants animal predators creatures
0.869054913520813	Question: state or province jiangsu state has capital what? Is the correct answer: city nanjing?	Context: nanjing city capital of state jiangsu;nanjing city capital of state jiangsu;nanjing city capital of state jiangsu
1.0	Question: city quincy mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province massachusetts?	Context: massachusetts mutual proxy for quincy;massachusetts geopolitical location contains city attleboro;massachusetts geopolitical location contains city attleboro
0.9357761144638062	Question: company apple001 agent controls what? Is the correct answer: radio station job?	Context: job controlled by agent apple001;job controlled by agent apple001;job controlled by agent apple001
0.859375	Question: mammal dogs animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal pet?	Context: diabetes inverse of animal develop disease dogs;diabetes inverse of animal develop disease dogs;pet animal predators dogs
0.96484375	Question: sports team new orleans saints team also known as what? Is the correct answer: sports team packers?	Context: new orleans saints subpart of nfl;nfl agent controls ex pittsburgh steelers;packers team also known as ex pittsburgh steelers
1.0	Question: university cvs caremark worker what? Is the correct answer: politician - US thomas m  ryan?	Context: thomas m  ryan works for cvs caremark;thomas m  ryan works for cvs caremark;thomas m  ryan works for cvs caremark
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location west coast mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: west coast arthropod that feeds on insect center;center mutual proxy for board;new mutual proxy for board
0.71875	Question: island french polynesia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: island papeete?	Context: papeete mutual proxy for french polynesia;papeete proxy for tahiti;papeete proxy for tahiti
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: museum team?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;team located at new
1.0	Question: insect small rodents animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal animals001?	Context: small rodents arthropod that feeds on insect rats;rats animal type has animal prey;animals001 animal type has animal prey
1.0	Question: company starbucks organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: CEO howard schultz?	Context: howard schultz person leads organization starbucks;howard schultz person leads organization starbucks coffee company;howard schultz person leads organization starbucks coffee company
0.96484375	Question: company ktvm controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal agent controls ktvm;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal agent controls bob wright
0.859375	Question: city cardiff location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country wales?	Context: wales location contains location cardiff;wales proxy of cardiff;wales location contains location cardiff
0.999999463558197	Question: visual artist white works for what? Is the correct answer: organization democrats?	Context: department worker white;department worker white;democrats worker white
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: character trait kingdom?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;kingdom proxy for new
0.982421875	Question: politics blog times publication journalist what? Is the correct answer: journalist marian burros?	Context: maureen dowd works for times;maureen dowd journalist writes for publication new york times;marian burros journalist writes for publication new york times
0.4375	Question: politics blog espn com agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist ivan maisel?	Context: rob neyer agent collaborates with agent espn com;rob neyer agent collaborates with agent espn com;ivan maisel agent collaborates with agent espn com
0.859375	Question: crustacean crab orchard mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: coach kentucky?	Context: kentucky mutual proxy for crab orchard;kentucky proxy of louisville;kentucky proxy of louisville
0.96484375	Question: date n2001 date of what? Is the correct answer: music album debut?	Context: n2001 arthropod that feeds on insect cape town;cape town at date n2004;debut at date n2004
1.0	Question: vegetable pepper agricultural product cooked with agricultural product what? Is the correct answer: vegetable green beans?	Context: potatoes agricultural product cooked with agricultural product pepper;pepper agricultural product cooked with agricultural product potatoes;green beans inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product pepper
0.9659375548362732	Question: radio station ksfy tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: ksfy tv arthropod that feeds on insect tv;tv agent controls peter jennings;abc agent controls peter jennings
1.0	Question: sports team falcons team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team wildcats?	Context: nfl agent controls falcons;eagles subpart of nfl;wildcats team plays against team eagles
0.4375	Question: company kmas tv subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company telemundo?	Context: telemundo superpart of organization kmas tv;telemundo superpart of organization khrr tv;telemundo superpart of organization khrr tv
1.0	Question: bedroom item system mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for system;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.982421875	Question: sports league terms agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: room south?	Context: terms arthropod that feeds on insect new;new location acted in by agent people;south location acted in by agent people
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location reseda mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: reseda arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect california
0.71875	Question: country u s  country of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: bank corporation?	Context: justice department organization headquartered in country u s ;justice department organization headquartered in country u s ;corporation organization headquartered in country u s 
1.0	Question: credit union bloomington mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: illinois mutual proxy for bloomington;springfield city capital of state illinois;springfield city capital of state illinois
0.859375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US bill richardson?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;bill richardson agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.859375	Question: state or province california state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city west sacramento?	Context: sonoma city located in state california;sonoma city located in state california;california located at west sacramento
0.9912109375	Question: artery lower extremities subpart of what? Is the correct answer: website blood?	Context: blood super part of lower extremities;blood super part of vessels;blood super part of vessels
0.9912109375	Question: hallway item problem subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of problem;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.859375	Question: city new york city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: company business week?	Context: huffington post organization headquartered in city new york;huffington post organization headquartered in city new york;business week organization headquartered in city new york
0.96484375	Question: sports team san diego padres team also known as what? Is the correct answer: organization atlanta braves?	Context: new york giants team also known as san diego padres;atlanta braves team also known as new york giants
1.0	Question: vegetable honey agricultural product cooked with agricultural product what? Is the correct answer: vegetable pepper?	Context: honey arthropod that feeds on insect peas;peppers agricultural product cooked with agricultural product peas;pepper inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product peppers
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: shopping mall york marketplace?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;york marketplace mutual proxy for new
0.71875	Question: river american location represented by politician what? Is the correct answer: politician - US ronald reagan?	Context: american arthropod that feeds on insect hillary clinton;hillary clinton politician represents location united states;ronald reagan politician represents location united states
0.4375	Question: sports league mlb agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person a j  burnett?	Context: mlb agent collaborates with agent yankees;a j  burnett agent collaborates with agent yankees
0.859375	Question: geopolitical organization kyrgyzstan country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country u s ?	Context: kyrgyzstan arthropod that feeds on insect poland;republic country also known as poland;u s  country also known as republic
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location alaska001 located at what? Is the correct answer: county valdez?	Context: alaska001 geopolitical location contains city fairbanks;alaska001 geopolitical location contains city fairbanks;valdez at location alaska001
0.4375	Question: ski area college park at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province maryland?	Context: maryland mutual proxy for college park;annapolis city capital of state maryland;annapolis city capital of state maryland
0.71875	Question: hobby drinking water super part of what? Is the correct answer: building feature equipment?	Context: drinking water arthropod that feeds on insect sludge;sludge subpart of water;equipment subpart of water
0.4375	Question: athlete ind agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company wmcn dt?	Context: wjxt controlled by agent ind;wjxt agent collaborates with agent ind;wmcn dt controlled by agent ind
0.4375	Question: river sturgeon bay at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province wisconsin?	Context: wisconsin located at sturgeon bay;wisconsin geopolitical location contains city milwaukee;wisconsin geopolitical location contains city milwaukee
0.997802734375	Question: sports team knicks team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team utah jazz?	Context: nba agent controls knicks;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;utah jazz team plays against team los angeles lakers
1.0	Question: landscape features weekend mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: weekend arthropod that feeds on insect dc;dc proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
0.4375	Question: politics blog job search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: blog net?	Context: job search agent competes with agent search;net agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: city el paso city has company office what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location southwest?	Context: el paso arthropod that feeds on insect american airlines;american airlines has office in city new york;southwest has office in city new york
0.859375	Question: company kdsm tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox agent controls kdsm tv;fox agent controls brit hume;fox agent controls brit hume
1.0	Question: person - Australia plymouth at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: connecticut located at plymouth;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport
0.4375	Question: state or province kentucky located at what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene pikeville?	Context: frankfort city capital of state kentucky;kentucky state has capital frankfort;pikeville at location kentucky
0.4375	Question: sports team umass minutemen mens basketball organization has person what? Is the correct answer: person - Africa don brown?	Context: john calipari person belongs to organization umass minutemen mens basketball;john calipari works for umass minutemen mens basketball;don brown person belongs to organization umass minutemen mens basketball
0.96484375	Question: geopolitical location national has office in country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location sierra leone?	Context: national has office in country spain;national has office in country spain;sierra leone country has company office national
0.4375	Question: biotech company section agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: government organization regulation?	Context: jesus agent competes with agent section;jesus agent competes with agent section;regulation agent competes with agent section
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team in game what? Is the correct answer: sports game three games?	Context: three games sports game team red sox;three games sports game team new york giants;three games sports game team new york giants
0.9999927282333374	Question: non-governmental organization sldn subpart of what? Is the correct answer: person aubrey sarvis?	Context: aubrey sarvis person terminated by organization sldn;aubrey sarvis person terminated by organization sldn;aubrey sarvis super part of sldn
0.96484375	Question: city oxford city also known as what? Is the correct answer: city columbia?	Context: columbia city also known as oxford;columbia synonym for d c ;columbia city also known as d c 
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: political office america?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;america mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: politician congress agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician chester arthur?	Context: congress agent collaborates with agent obama;chester arthur agent collaborates with agent obama
0.96484375	Question: criminal england area at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new located at england area;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.4375	Question: sports team texas tyler patriots agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization texas tyler patriots;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.9999992847442627	Question: sports team oregon ducks basketball at location what? Is the correct answer: city anaheim?	Context: anaheim located at oregon ducks basketball;anaheim ducks team plays in city anaheim;anaheim located at anaheim ducks
0.859375	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: sports game league?	Context: state at date n2010;state at date n2006;league at date n2006
0.859375	Question: coach dick jauron person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team bills?	Context: dick jauron works for bills;bills organization has person dick jauron;bills organization has person dick jauron
0.9856599569320679	Question: state or province dc at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: dc at date n2005;n2005 date of italy;n2002 date of italy
1.0	Question: company wrgb controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs organization has agent wrgb;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvy;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvy
1.0	Question: city seoul city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: company asiana airlines?	Context: samsung organization headquartered in city seoul;samsung organization headquartered in city seoul;asiana airlines organization headquartered in city seoul
1.0	Question: country orleans location of person birth what? Is the correct answer: politician edward johnson?	Context: white person born in location orleans;white person born in location orleans;edward johnson person born in location orleans
0.9912109375	Question: person walt mossberg agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: website wall street journal?	Context: wall street journal agent collaborates with agent walt mossberg;walt mossberg works for wall street journal;wall street journal agent collaborates with agent walt mossberg
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province studio?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;studio located at new
0.9296875	Question: date literal n2002 date of what? Is the correct answer: vehicle media?	Context: thailand at date n2002;thailand at date n2004;media at date n2004
0.982421875	Question: country u s  country of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: location embassy?	Context: division organization headquartered in country u s ;division organization headquartered in country u s ;embassy organization headquartered in country u s 
0.4375	Question: building feature equipment subpart of what? Is the correct answer: chemical waste?	Context: waste super part of equipment;waste super part of sludge;waste super part of sludge
0.71875	Question: geopolitical organization zimbabwean government geopolitical organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: person mugabe?	Context: mugabe person leads geopolitical organization zimbabwean government;mugabe person leads geopolitical organization zimbabwe;mugabe person leads geopolitical organization zimbabwe
1.0	Question: geopolitical location tunisia country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: country countries?	Context: middle eastern countries geopolitical location contains country tunisia;middle eastern countries agent acts in location african countries;countries geopolitical location contains country african countries
0.96484375	Question: city lake tahoe location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: american agent acts in location lake tahoe;american agent acts in location bedford;national agent acts in location bedford
0.9999999403953552	Question: company apple001 worker what? Is the correct answer: writer margaret carlson?	Context: apple001 organization has person jobs;jobs works for apple;margaret carlson works for apple
0.4375	Question: clothing long pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing long pants;pants clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.99560546875	Question: personal care item situations subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: situations arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect water treatment;water super part of water treatment
1.0	Question: state or province colorado located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location fort morgan?	Context: bill mccartney person belongs to organization colorado;bill mccartney works for colorado;fort morgan at location colorado
0.9912109375	Question: programming language services synonym for what? Is the correct answer: political office assistant?	Context: services subpart of natural gas;services subpart of natural gas;assistant synonym for services
0.9999998807907104	Question: state or province haute vienne geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city limoges?	Context: limoges city capital of state haute vienne;haute vienne state has capital limoges;limoges city located in geopolitical location haute vienne
0.859375	Question: state or province tennessee agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Asia) bruce pearl?	Context: lane kiffin agent collaborates with agent tennessee;lane kiffin agent collaborates with agent tennessee;bruce pearl agent collaborates with agent tennessee
0.71875	Question: bank royal bank organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: CEO fred goodwin?	Context: stephen hester person terminated by organization royal bank;stephen hester CEO of royal bank;fred goodwin controlled by agent royal bank
0.4375	Question: political party committee mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: book six?	Context: committee arthropod that feeds on insect fbi;fbi mutual proxy for new;six mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location west location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization states ?	Context: new location located within location west;new proxy of west;states  location located within location west
0.4375	Question: clothing white socks clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing sneakers?	Context: shirts clothing to go with clothing white socks;shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;sneakers clothing to go with clothing shirt
1.0	Question: animal animals001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: bird bald eagles?	Context: predators agent competes with agent animals001;animals001 agent competes with agent predators;bald eagles agent competes with agent animals001
1.0	Question: organization apple inc organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: person steve jobs?	Context: steve jobs agent belongs to organization apple inc;steve jobs works for apple001;steve jobs agent belongs to organization apple001
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: blog bay area?	Context: united states located at new;new location located within location united states;bay area located at new
0.4375	Question: radio station krdo agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: abc organization has agent krdo;abc organization has agent charlie gibson;abc organization has agent charlie gibson
0.4375	Question: political party content search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university index?	Context: index agent competes with agent content search;index agent competes with agent web search;index agent competes with agent web search
0.96484375	Question: sports team phillies team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team miami marlins?	Context: mlb agent controls phillies;bad cubs subpart of mlb;miami marlins team plays against team bad cubs
1.0	Question: country english speaking countries geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country new zealand?	Context: new zealand country located in geopolitical location english speaking countries;new zealand country cities port moresby;new zealand country cities port moresby
0.4375	Question: clothing blouse clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tunic?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing blouse;hat clothing to go with clothing shirt;tunic clothing to go with clothing hat
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) arizona diamondbacks synonym for what? Is the correct answer: non-governmental organization reds?	Context: reds synonym for arizona diamondbacks;reds synonym for arizona diamondbacks;reds synonym for arizona diamondbacks
0.4375	Question: country france france country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: city union?	Context: golf sports school in country france france;us inverse of sport fans in country golf;union geopolitical location contains country us
1.0	Question: clothing suit clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object shirt?	Context: hat clothing to go with clothing suit;shirt clothing to go with clothing hat
0.859375	Question: person (Europe) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist journal?	Context: search arthropod that feeds on insect research;research agent competes with agent google;journal agent competes with agent google
0.8397229909896851	Question: state or province virginia state contains city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location leesburg?	Context: virginia beach city located in state virginia;virginia beach city located in state virginia;leesburg city located in state virginia
0.859375	Question: country united kingdom country has company office what? Is the correct answer: company hsbc?	Context: united kingdom arthropod that feeds on insect national;national has office in country indonesia;hsbc has office in country indonesia
0.4375	Question: company japan airlines has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city san francisco?	Context: san francisco city has company office japan airlines;san francisco city has company office daily news001;san francisco city has company office daily news001
1.0	Question: person michael e  cryor mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: election maryland democratic party?	Context: michael e  cryor person terminated by organization maryland democratic party;michael e  cryor person belongs to organization maryland democratic party;maryland democratic party mutual proxy for michael e  cryor
0.859375	Question: room systems subpart of what? Is the correct answer: chemical three water?	Context: gas super part of systems;gas super part of systems;three water super part of systems
0.859375	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company koet?	Context: wcvw agent belongs to organization pbs;wcvw controlled by agent pbs;koet agent belongs to organization pbs
0.4375	Question: hallway item vans subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of vans;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.9999998807907104	Question: television station kwtx agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent kwtx;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wtvr tv;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wtvr tv
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location newfoundland geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states state located in geo-political location newfoundland;south carolina geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location south carolina
0.4375	Question: company kfxp agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox agent collaborates with agent kfxp;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume
0.990870475769043	Question: visualizable scene valdosta subpart of what? Is the correct answer: city georgia?	Context: georgia super part of valdosta;georgia super part of atlanta;georgia super part of atlanta
0.4375	Question: publication cnn  pbs organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: company sony002?	Context: sony002 organization also known as cnn  pbs;sony002 organization also known as lg group;sony002 organization also known as lg group
0.4375	Question: clothing boots clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing leather belt?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing boots;boots clothing to go with clothing shirt;leather belt clothing to go with clothing boots
0.4375	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ut arlington mavericks?	Context: stanford cardinals agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals;ut arlington mavericks agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.4375	Question: university louisiana state organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: coach les miles?	Context: les miles agent belongs to organization louisiana state;les miles works for lsu;les miles coach's team lsu
0.96484375	Question: website linkedin competes with what? Is the correct answer: company skype?	Context: linkedin competes with facebook;skype competes with facebook
0.9912109375	Question: coach pat fitzgerald agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: university northwestern?	Context: northwestern agent collaborates with agent pat fitzgerald;northwestern agent collaborates with agent pat fitzgerald;northwestern agent collaborates with agent pat fitzgerald
1.0	Question: state or province california mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city firebaugh?	Context: california geopolitical location contains city bay;california state contains city bay;firebaugh mutual proxy for california
1.0	Question: city benfica subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league uefa?	Context: uefa super part of benfica;uefa super part of ac milan;uefa super part of ac milan
0.99945068359375	Question: academic field version at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: n2006 date of version;n2006 date of page;n2002 date of page
1.0	Question: CEO suranga chandratillake person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: website blinkx?	Context: suranga chandratillake person terminated by organization blinkx;blinkx organization terminated person suranga chandratillake;suranga chandratillake person terminated by organization blinkx
0.9999927878379822	Question: city buffalo city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: buffalo at location new york;new york state contains city liverpool;new york state contains city liverpool
0.997802734375	Question: city sofia mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country bulgaria?	Context: bulgaria mutual proxy for sofia;bulgaria geopolitical location contains city sofia;bulgaria proxy of sofia
0.859375	Question: company new jersey mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location plainsboro?	Context: new brunswick mutual proxy for new jersey;new brunswick mutual proxy for new jersey;plainsboro mutual proxy for new jersey
0.4375	Question: visual art movement american at location what? Is the correct answer: county pocahontas?	Context: american arthropod that feeds on insect new;new location acted in by agent american;american agent acts in location pocahontas
1.0	Question: sports league nba super part of what? Is the correct answer: sports team sacramento kings?	Context: boston celtics subpart of nba;boston celtics subpart of nba;sacramento kings subpart of nba
1.0	Question: geopolitical location state superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: city centre?	Context: agencies subpart of organization state;agencies subpart of organization state;centre subpart of organization state
0.9832789897918701	Question: city georgia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county gainesville?	Context: vince dooley person belongs to organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;gainesville proxy for georgia
0.99560546875	Question: room new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: emotion favourite?	Context: attorney general proxy for new;attorney general proxy for new;favourite proxy for new
0.997802734375	Question: company services organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: government organization us department?	Context: department organization also known as services;department organization also known as services;us department organization also known as services
0.4375	Question: arachnid tarantulas animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: arthropod spiders?	Context: spiders inverse of arthropod called arthropod tarantulas;spiders animal is type of animal brown recluse;spiders animal is type of animal brown recluse
0.71875	Question: animal animals001 animal such as insect what? Is the correct answer: insect small mammals?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish animals001;animals001 animal such as fish salmon;small mammals animal preys on animals001
1.0	Question: weapon facilities subpart of what? Is the correct answer: beverage safe water?	Context: facilities arthropod that feeds on insect water;water super part of services;safe water super part of services
0.859375	Question: non-profit organization nutch agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Europe) search?	Context: nutch arthropod that feeds on insect advanced search;advanced search agent competes with agent screen;search agent competes with agent screen
0.9993462562561035	Question: geopolitical location uttar pradesh proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization saharanpur?	Context: lucknow city capital of state uttar pradesh;uttar pradesh state has capital lucknow;saharanpur proxy for uttar pradesh
0.9999980926513672	Question: bank usps parcel post competes with what? Is the correct answer: company fedex?	Context: usps parcel post arthropod that feeds on insect postal service priority mail;postal service priority mail competes with ups ground;fedex competes with ups ground
0.71875	Question: person - US b j  ryan controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: mlb agent controls b j  ryan;mlb agent controls white sox;mlb agent controls white sox
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location producers?	Context: statue of liberty001 mutual proxy for new;statue of liberty001 proxy for new;producers mutual proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: city click created by agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization command?	Context: link agent created click;link agent created click;command agent created click
0.9999313354492188	Question: country greenland country capital what? Is the correct answer: city scoresbysund?	Context: scoresbysund city capital of country greenland;scoresbysund city capital of country greenland;scoresbysund city capital of country greenland
1.0	Question: sports team kentucky wildcats agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team lsu?	Context: lsu agent competes with agent kentucky wildcats;les miles coach's team lsu;les miles coach's team lsu
1.0	Question: CEO steven appleton person terminated by organization what? Is the correct answer: company micron technology?	Context: micron technology inc organization terminated person steven appleton;micron technology inc organization terminated person steven appleton;micron technology organization terminated person steven appleton
0.9296875	Question: government organization summary organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: visual artist white?	Context: white person hired by organization summary;white works for clinton;white person hired by organization clinton
0.999725341796875	Question: beverage online proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of online;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
1.0	Question: city new york located at what? Is the correct answer: city center?	Context: new york arthropod that feeds on insect albany;albany at location new york;center at location new york
1.0	Question: city menlo park city hosts attraction what? Is the correct answer: attraction house001?	Context: house001 attraction befall in city menlo park;house001 attraction befall in city menlo park;house001 attraction befall in city menlo park
1.0	Question: island barbados country capital what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location bridgetown?	Context: bridgetown city capital of country barbados;bridgetown city capital of country barbados;bridgetown city capital of country barbados
1.0	Question: television station koln tv agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs organization has agent koln tv;cnn  pbs organization has agent wtvy;cnn  pbs organization has agent wtvy
1.0	Question: county moonachie mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: company new jersey?	Context: moonachie arthropod that feeds on insect bergen;bergen mutual proxy for new jersey;new jersey mutual proxy for new jersey
0.4375	Question: animal birds003 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: arthropod prey?	Context: animals001 agent competes with agent birds003;animals001 agent competes with agent birds003;prey agent competes with agent birds003
0.9995537400245667	Question: county fox superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: television station wtvt?	Context: kvct controlled by agent fox;kvct controlled by agent fox;wtvt controlled by agent fox
0.4375	Question: government organization cbs news worker what? Is the correct answer: journalist walter cronkite?	Context: walter cronkite works for cbs news;walter cronkite works for television;walter cronkite works for television
0.4375	Question: state or province massachusetts mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city marshfield?	Context: usa super part of massachusetts;wisconsin subpart of usa;marshfield mutual proxy for wisconsin
0.9912109375	Question: city jamaica mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: new york mutual proxy for jamaica;albany city capital of state new york;albany city capital of state new york
1.0	Question: coach eric mangini agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league new?	Context: new york jets agent collaborates with agent eric mangini;new york jets agent collaborates with agent eric mangini;eric mangini controlled by agent new
0.4375	Question: clothing bell bottoms clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing boots?	Context: bell bottoms arthropod that feeds on insect jackets;jackets clothing to go with clothing pants;boots clothing to go with clothing pants
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location florida001 proxy of what? Is the correct answer: train station fall?	Context: florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;florida001 geopolitical location contains city boca raton;fall proxy for florida001
0.71875	Question: website abc world news television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: television station wlox tv?	Context: ktrk television station affiliated with abc world news;abc world news television company affiliate ktrk;wlox tv television station affiliated with abc world news
0.71875	Question: city lewiston city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province idaho?	Context: idaho state contains city lewiston;idaho state contains city moscow;idaho state contains city moscow
0.9999999403953552	Question: sports team n carolina tar heels team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nfl?	Context: nfl league teams n carolina tar heels;nfl league teams new york giants;nfl league teams new york giants
0.859375	Question: publication nbc universal agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist norah o donnell?	Context: david sarnoff agent collaborates with agent nbc universal;nbc universal agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff;norah o donnell agent collaborates with agent nbc universal
0.9998626708984375	Question: bank novartis company CEO what? Is the correct answer: CEO daniel vasella?	Context: daniel vasella CEO of novartis;daniel vasella CEO of novartis;daniel vasella CEO of novartis
0.9973911643028259	Question: government organization department agent created what? Is the correct answer: geometric shape cases?	Context: e mail created by agent department;e mail created by agent department;cases created by agent department
0.4375	Question: professional organization wood flooring association mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: card game board?	Context: wood flooring association arthropod that feeds on insect society;society mutual proxy for national board;board mutual proxy for national board
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: hotel landmark?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;landmark mutual proxy for new
0.96484375	Question: country democratic republic of congo country also known as what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization ivory coast?	Context: republic country also known as democratic republic of congo;ivory coast country also known as republic
1.0	Question: sports team central connecticut state blue devils team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams central connecticut state blue devils;ncaa league teams wildcats;ncaa league teams wildcats
1.0	Question: geopolitical location florida001 located at what? Is the correct answer: island floral city?	Context: meyer001 person belongs to organization florida001;florida001 organization has person meyer001;floral city at location florida001
1.0	Question: city official organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: person mugabe?	Context: mugabe person leads organization official;mugabe person leads organization zimbabwe;mugabe person leads organization zimbabwe
1.0	Question: CEO kevin w  sharer person terminated by organization what? Is the correct answer: biotech company amgen?	Context: amgen organization terminated person kevin w  sharer;amgen organization terminated person kevin w  sharer;amgen organization terminated person kevin w  sharer
1.0	Question: person andrew person graduated school what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: state university school attended by person andrew;state university school attended by person peter;state university school attended by person peter
1.0	Question: city cupertino city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company apple001?	Context: apple001 organization headquartered in city cupertino;apple001 organization headquartered in city cupertino;apple001 has office in city cupertino
1.0	Question: city urbana location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: illinois location contains location urbana;springfield city capital of state illinois;illinois geopolitical location contains city springfield
1.0	Question: sports team chicago bulls agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal animals001?	Context: united center stadium home team chicago bulls;united center stadium home team chicago bulls;animals001 agent competes with agent chicago bulls
0.71875	Question: person - Australia guardian controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: blog tribune?	Context: guardian arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect financial times;tribune agent controls financial times
0.9989013671875	Question: city perth perth location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization western australia?	Context: perth perth arthropod that feeds on insect melbourne;melbourne location contains location new;western australia location contains location new
0.99945068359375	Question: government organization fact agent participated in event what? Is the correct answer: event outcome result?	Context: result event has participant agent fact;result event has participant agent state;result event has participant agent state
1.0	Question: website trip mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city new orleans?	Context: new orleans mutual proxy for trip;ray nagin person leads geopolitical organization new orleans;ray nagin person leads geopolitical organization new orleans
0.4375	Question: coach jon gruden agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team tampa bay bucs?	Context: tampa bay bucs team coach jon gruden;josh freeman athlete led sports team tampa bay bucs;josh freeman athlete led sports team tampa bay bucs
0.4375	Question: company express competes with what? Is the correct answer: bank canada post?	Context: express competes with fedex;canada post competes with fedex
0.4375	Question: city vegas located at what? Is the correct answer: building feature venetian?	Context: mandalay bay events center at location vegas;mandalay bay events center at location vegas;venetian at location vegas
0.71875	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: island side?	Context: hague at date n2005;hague at date n2006;side at date n2006
1.0	Question: male mittal mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: CEO lakshmi mittal?	Context: mittal arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect lakshmi mittal
0.71875	Question: city kaiserslautern city located in country what? Is the correct answer: country germany?	Context: germany country cities kaiserslautern;germany country cities hanover;germany country cities hanover
0.999725341796875	Question: academic field jazz studies academic program at university what? Is the correct answer: university college?	Context: state university university has academic program jazz studies;state university university has academic program architecture;college university has academic program architecture
0.4375	Question: archaea etymology agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company section?	Context: etymology arthropod that feeds on insect history;history agent competes with agent search;section agent competes with agent search
1.0	Question: reptile cat specialization of what? Is the correct answer: animal pets001?	Context: cat arthropod that feeds on insect mice;mice generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003
0.4375	Question: sports team tampa agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team buccaneers?	Context: tampa agent competes with agent tampa;tampa agent competes with agent tampa bay storm;buccaneers agent competes with agent tampa bay storm
0.4375	Question: government organization u s  department synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession services personnel?	Context: office synonym for u s  department;office synonym for u s  department;services personnel synonym for u s  department
1.0	Question: person tim zagat agent created organization what? Is the correct answer: company zagat?	Context: tim zagat top member of organization zagat;tim zagat top member of organization zagat;zagat organization has top member tim zagat
0.4375	Question: clothing jeans clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing gray shirt?	Context: jacket clothing to go with clothing jeans;gray shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket
0.71875	Question: company air baltic has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city vilnius?	Context: air baltic arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect vilnius
0.4375	Question: sports team tampa bay bucs agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team eagles?	Context: tampa bay bucs arthropod that feeds on insect kiffin;oakland raiders organization hired person kiffin;eagles agent competes with agent oakland raiders
0.9912070035934448	Question: city n djamena proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location chad?	Context: n djamena city capital of country chad;chad country capital n djamena;chad proxy of n djamena
0.9999992251396179	Question: stadium or event venue music hall center location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city detroit?	Context: music hall center attraction of city detroit;detroit city attractions detroit opera house;detroit location contains location detroit opera house
1.0	Question: organization warsaw city located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: country poland?	Context: hanna gronkiewicz waltz person belongs to organization warsaw;hanna gronkiewicz waltz works for warsaw;poland geopolitical location contains city warsaw
1.0	Question: company samsung organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO lee kun hee?	Context: kun hee lee agent belongs to organization samsung;kun hee lee agent belongs to organization samsung;lee kun hee controlled by agent samsung
0.96484375	Question: television station ktvi tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox agent collaborates with agent ktvi tv;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county essex county?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;essex county proxy for new
0.4375	Question: clothing wide brimmed hats clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: wide brimmed hats arthropod that feeds on insect tops;tops clothing to go with clothing shirts;pants clothing to go with clothing shirts
0.7672193050384521	Question: insect insects animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: insect midges?	Context: bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;midges animal type has animal insects
0.9999998807907104	Question: mammal guinea pigs animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: guinea pigs arthropod that feeds on insect rats;rats animal is type of animal rodents;animals animal is type of animal rodents
1.0	Question: language english language language school in city what? Is the correct answer: city adelaide?	Context: auckland inverse of language school in city english language;auckland city of organization headquarters osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines;adelaide city has company office osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines
0.4375	Question: animal salad animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: vegetable field greens?	Context: salad arthropod that feeds on insect vegetables;vegetables inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;field greens inverse of animal eats food chicken001
0.4375	Question: sports team red sox inverse of athlete led sports team what? Is the correct answer: athlete brian anderson?	Context: lt  joseph r  hunt athlete led sports team red sox;lt  joseph r  hunt athlete led sports team red sox;brian anderson athlete led sports team red sox
1.0	Question: bank abbott laboratories agent worked on drug what? Is the correct answer: drug meridia?	Context: meridia drug worked on by agent abbott laboratories;meridia synonym for abbott laboratories;meridia synonym for abbott laboratories
0.9999998807907104	Question: academic field affairs synonym for what? Is the correct answer: state or province ministers?	Context: office synonym for affairs;office synonym for affairs;ministers synonym for affairs
0.9998172521591187	Question: person (Asia) chew choon seng person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: company osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines?	Context: chew choon seng works for osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines;chew choon seng works for osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines;chew choon seng works for osaka singapore airlines singapore airlines
0.4375	Question: animal creatures animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: fish eels?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;eels inverse of animal such as fish creatures
1.0	Question: terrorist organization times organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: politician thomas l  friedman?	Context: brad stone agent belongs to organization times;brad stone agent belongs to organization times;thomas l  friedman agent belongs to organization times
0.4375	Question: state or province oklahoma location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country u s ?	Context: oklahoma arthropod that feeds on insect dc;dc proxy of d c ;u s  location contains location d c 
0.9908316731452942	Question: county fox organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company kvrr?	Context: brit hume agent belongs to organization fox;brit hume agent belongs to organization fox;kvrr subpart of organization fox
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: website stage?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;stage subpart of water
0.999725341796875	Question: sports team notre dame team plays in city what? Is the correct answer: city south bend?	Context: south bend city sports teams notre dame;south bend city sports teams notre dame;south bend city sports teams notre dame
0.71875	Question: programming language services synonym for what? Is the correct answer: government organization clients?	Context: services subpart of air;services subpart of air;clients synonym for services
1.0	Question: state or province newjersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city rio?	Context: newjersey arthropod that feeds on insect new jersey;new jersey proxy for new jersey;rio proxy for new jersey
0.4375	Question: website youtube competes with what? Is the correct answer: blog myspace?	Context: youtube arthropod that feeds on insect twitter;twitter competes with linkedin;myspace competes with linkedin
0.859375	Question: coach kentucky mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: shopping mall hurstbourne?	Context: paris mutual proxy for kentucky;paris mutual proxy for kentucky;hurstbourne mutual proxy for kentucky
0.9999914169311523	Question: country chile country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country republic?	Context: spanish language of country chile;american countries country language spanish;republic country also known as american countries
0.4375	Question: newspaper michigan mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city cadillac?	Context: michigan arthropod that feeds on insect wayne;michigan state contains city wayne;cadillac at location michigan
0.859375	Question: company chrome competes with what? Is the correct answer: company firefox?	Context: chrome competes with   google;firefox competes with   google
1.0	Question: country india country has company office what? Is the correct answer: bank reliance industries limited?	Context: deutsche bank has office in country india;deutsche bank has office in country india;reliance industries limited has office in country india
0.9904441833496094	Question: city louisiana located at what? Is the correct answer: music artist gonzales?	Context: louisiana city attractions churches;louisiana city attractions churches;gonzales at location louisiana
0.4375	Question: coach art briles agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team baylor university in waco?	Context: baylor university in waco organization has agent art briles;art briles coach's team baylor university in waco;baylor university in waco organization has agent art briles
0.4375	Question: county san francisco agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york giants?	Context: san francisco arthropod that feeds on insect new york mets;new york mets agent competes with agent yankees;new york giants agent competes with agent yankees
0.4375	Question: city stetson agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Mexico) justin bass?	Context: justin bass agent collaborates with agent stetson;justin bass agent collaborates with agent stetson;justin bass agent collaborates with agent stetson
0.4375	Question: city hanover mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new hampshire?	Context: hanover arthropod that feeds on insect massachusetts;massachusetts proxy of salem;new hampshire proxy of salem
1.0	Question: city norwalk proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: norwalk arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of bristol;connecticut proxy of bristol
1.0	Question: university google agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person page?	Context: jobs agent collaborates with agent google;jobs agent collaborates with agent google;page agent collaborates with agent google
1.0	Question: criminal david brooks person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new york times?	Context: the new york times organization has person david brooks;the new york times organization has person david brooks;new york times organization has person david brooks
0.4375	Question: sports league ncaa agent controls what? Is the correct answer: sports team arkansas little rock trojans?	Context: oregon ducks controlled by agent ncaa;oregon ducks controlled by agent ncaa;arkansas little rock trojans team plays in league ncaa
0.4375	Question: CEO sheldon adelson mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: chemical sands?	Context: las vegas sands corporation controlled by agent sheldon adelson;sheldon adelson person terminated by organization las vegas sands corporation;sands mutual proxy for sheldon adelson
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: monument version?	Context: united states location contains location new;new location located within location united states;version location contains location new
0.859375	Question: coach jim caldwell agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team colts?	Context: colts organization has agent jim caldwell;jim caldwell coach's team colts;colts organization has agent jim caldwell
0.4375	Question: animal larvae001 animal predators what? Is the correct answer: reptile feeders?	Context: feeders animal predators larvae001;larvae001 animal preys on feeders;feeders animal preys on larvae001
0.9998626708984375	Question: male engines agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Europe) search?	Context: engines arthropod that feeds on insect advanced search;advanced search agent competes with agent screen;search agent competes with agent screen
0.40646618604660034	Question: CEO raymond works for what? Is the correct answer: petroleum refining company exxonmobil?	Context: exxon worker raymond;exxon worker rex tillerson;exxonmobil worker rex tillerson
1.0	Question: visual art movement american at location what? Is the correct answer: city providence?	Context: american arthropod that feeds on insect houston;houston located at national;providence located at national
1.0	Question: state or province wisconsin state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city milwaukee?	Context: milwaukee city located in state wisconsin;milwaukee city located in state wisconsin;milwaukee city located in state wisconsin
0.4375	Question: journalist dan barry works for what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new york times?	Context: new york times worker dan barry;new york times worker tom friedman;new york times worker tom friedman
0.99560546875	Question: city cambridge subpart of what? Is the correct answer: credit union massachusetts?	Context: massachusetts super part of cambridge;massachusetts super part of boston;massachusetts super part of boston
0.9912109375	Question: politics issue studies synonym for what? Is the correct answer: academic field acting?	Context: studies arthropod that feeds on insect department;department synonym for services;acting synonym for services
0.4375	Question: clothing fedora clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object coat?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing fedora;coat clothing to go with clothing top
1.0	Question: state or province new york mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city long island?	Context: rudy giuliani mutual proxy for new york;rudy giuliani person terminated by organization new york;long island mutual proxy for new york
0.5243270397186279	Question: insect invertebrates inverse of animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: insects inverse of arthropod called arthropod invertebrates;insects animal predators worms;insects animal such as invertebrate worms
0.9946877956390381	Question: city south bend subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province indiana?	Context: indiana super part of south bend;indiana super part of indianapolis;indiana super part of indianapolis
0.32145780324935913	Question: city danvers located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national at location danvers;national at location albany;national at location albany
1.0	Question: city detroit inverse of automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker chevrolet?	Context: detroit city attractions joe louis arena;detroit city attractions joe louis arena;chevrolet automobile maker dealers in city detroit
0.859375	Question: musician gershwin agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person john002?	Context: gershwin arthropod that feeds on insect eagles;eagles agent collaborates with agent don henley;john002 agent collaborates with agent don henley
0.997802734375	Question: person (North America) ipad agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: ipad arthropod that feeds on insect apple;apple agent collaborates with agent steve jobs;jobs agent collaborates with agent steve jobs
0.4375	Question: sports team florida a and m rattlers agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent florida a and m rattlers;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.997802734375	Question: music album sanctuary proxy for what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon new?	Context: new proxy of sanctuary;new proxy of power;new proxy of power
0.4375	Question: city paris city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company air india?	Context: national has office in city paris;new york city has company office national;air india has office in city new york
0.4375	Question: clothing jean jacket clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing dress?	Context: jean jacket arthropod that feeds on insect jacket;shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket;dress clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.9728977084159851	Question: automobile maker honda automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: city phoenix?	Context: takeo fukui top member of organization honda;takeo fukui top member of organization honda;phoenix inverse of automobile maker dealers in city honda
0.71875	Question: person edwards works for what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york jets?	Context: new york jets worker edwards;eric mangini coach's team new york jets;new york jets worker eric mangini
0.4375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: country darfur?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;darfur agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: city ohio mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon aurora?	Context: ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;aurora mutual proxy for ohio
1.0	Question: publication nbc universal super part of what? Is the correct answer: company whag?	Context: bob wright subpart of nbc universal;bob wright controlled by agent nbc universal;whag subpart of nbc universal
0.4375	Question: television network cnn  pbs super part of what? Is the correct answer: company kyw?	Context: wvlt subpart of cnn  pbs;wvlt television station affiliated with cnn  pbs;kyw subpart of cnn  pbs
1.0	Question: state or province new jersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene manahawkin?	Context: trenton city capital of state new jersey;new jersey state has capital trenton;manahawkin proxy for new jersey
0.4375	Question: male bill has sibling what? Is the correct answer: person jesus?	Context: california inverse of person moved to state or province bill;stephen person moved to state or province california;jesus has family member stephen
0.859375	Question: date n2004 date of what? Is the correct answer: character trait concept?	Context: klm organization dissolved at date n2004;klm organization dissolved at date n2004;concept at date n2004
0.4375	Question: clothing dresses clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing cardigans?	Context: jackets clothing to go with clothing dresses;cardigans clothing to go with clothing jackets
1.0	Question: company ktal television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: website nbc news?	Context: nbc news television company affiliate ktal;wluc television station affiliated with nbc news;wluc television station affiliated with nbc news
0.9948961138725281	Question: state or province california super part of what? Is the correct answer: city livermore?	Context: los angeles ca subpart of california;los angeles ca subpart of california;livermore subpart of california
1.0	Question: date n2003 date of what? Is the correct answer: monument visit?	Context: n2003 arthropod that feeds on insect havana;havana at date n1998;visit at date n1998
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: event outcome great experience?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;great experience mutual proxy for new
0.859375	Question: clothing sweater clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing beret?	Context: sweater clothing to go with clothing shirt;jacket clothing to go with clothing shirt;beret clothing to go with clothing jacket
0.9912109375	Question: sports team bad cubs team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team oakland a s?	Context: pirates team also known as bad cubs;red sox team also known as pirates;oakland a s team plays against team red sox
0.999725341796875	Question: state or province states geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location jamaica?	Context: republic geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location republic;jamaica country located in geopolitical location states
0.9999927282333374	Question: politician - US david smith super part of what? Is the correct answer: city sinclair?	Context: sinclair subpart of david smith;sinclair subpart of david smith;sinclair subpart of david smith
0.71875	Question: county kansas city location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist american?	Context: national agent acts in location kansas city;national agent acts in location state;american agent acts in location state
0.4375	Question: CEO ken powell person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company general mills001?	Context: ken powell top member of organization general mills001;ken powell top member of organization general mills001;general mills001 organization has person ken powell
1.0	Question: country uganda country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: continent africa?	Context: states geopolitical location contains country uganda;china geopolitical location contains state states;africa geopolitical location contains country china
1.0	Question: music song memphis subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon tennessee?	Context: memphis proxy for tennessee;tennessee super part of knoxville;tennessee super part of knoxville
1.0	Question: CEO stephen hester person terminated by organization what? Is the correct answer: bank royal bank?	Context: royal bank organization terminated person stephen hester;royal bank organization terminated person stephen hester;royal bank organization terminated person stephen hester
0.9999991059303284	Question: university auburn subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa mens midwest regionals?	Context: auburn arthropod that feeds on insect usc;usc agent competes with agent ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: building film?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;film location contains location new
1.0	Question: government organization justice department synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: justice department organization has person white;department organization has person white;office synonym for department
1.0	Question: city plans subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state?	Context: state superpart of organization plans;state superpart of organization law;state superpart of organization law
0.4375	Question: company uk guardian has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: new york city has company office uk guardian;new york city of organization headquarters journal;new york city has company office journal
1.0	Question: city new york city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: government organization nation?	Context: post organization headquartered in city new york;post organization headquartered in city new york;nation organization headquartered in city new york
0.4375	Question: politician cotton mather agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (North America) robert harrison?	Context: cotton mather arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect robert harrison
0.71875	Question: city manchester city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company delta air lines?	Context: manchester arthropod that feeds on insect reuters001;reuters001 has office in city new york;delta air lines has office in city new york
0.71875	Question: media type white controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: government organization state department?	Context: departments agent controls white;departments organization has person white;state department worker white
0.71875	Question: television network pbs superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company kpne tv?	Context: kawe agent belongs to organization pbs;pbs agent collaborates with agent kawe;kpne tv subpart of organization pbs
1.0	Question: organization girlstown usa mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city texas?	Context: texas mutual proxy for girlstown usa;texas geopolitical location contains city garland;texas geopolitical location contains city garland
1.0	Question: university monticello mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: coach kentucky?	Context: kentucky mutual proxy for monticello;kentucky proxy of louisville;kentucky proxy of louisville
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: landscape features areas?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;areas location contains location new
0.4375	Question: country european states country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country italy?	Context: italy country located in geopolitical location european states;italy country cities roma;italy country cities roma
0.4375	Question: person (North America) stephen a  schwarzman agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization group?	Context: blackstone agent collaborates with agent stephen a  schwarzman;blackstone agent collaborates with agent stephen a  schwarzman;group agent collaborates with agent stephen a  schwarzman
0.9999752044677734	Question: state or province islamabad proxy for what? Is the correct answer: physical action pakistan?	Context: islamabad arthropod that feeds on insect iraq;iraq mutual proxy for republic;pakistan mutual proxy for republic
0.8628900051116943	Question: insect bees inverse of animal feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: bees arthropod that feeds on insect flies;flies inverse of arthropod and other arthropod bugs;creatures animal that feed on insect bugs
1.0	Question: geometric shape   at date what? Is the correct answer: year n1998?	Context: n2008 date of  ;n2008 date of usa;n1998 date of usa
0.859375	Question: clothing white collar shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: white collar shirt arthropod that feeds on insect sweater;sweater clothing to go with clothing shirt;pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.99560546875	Question: sports team conference usa gear team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams conference usa gear;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
0.4375	Question: product office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: software support services?	Context: phone synonym for office;phone synonym for office;support services synonym for office
0.859375	Question: mountain range plants subpart of what? Is the correct answer: chemical sewage?	Context: plants arthropod that feeds on insect furnace;furnace super part of system;sewage super part of system
0.9296875	Question: date literal n2007 date of what? Is the correct answer: person - Africa belgium?	Context: thailand at date n2007;thailand at date n2006;belgium at date n2006
0.8229060769081116	Question: language english language of country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location cyprus?	Context: united states country language english;united states country language english;cyprus country language english
0.859375	Question: clothing jacket clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing accessories?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket;jacket clothing to go with clothing shirt;accessories clothing to go with clothing jacket
1.0	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team missouri tigers?	Context: georgia state panthers subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;georgia state panthers team plays in league ncaa;ncaa league teams missouri tigers
0.859375	Question: coach purdue boilermakers controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent controls purdue boilermakers;ncaa midwest regionals agent controls alabama crimson tide;ncaa midwest regionals agent controls alabama crimson tide
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location state superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: county records?	Context: agencies subpart of organization state;agencies subpart of organization state;records subpart of organization state
0.96484375	Question: stadium or event venue inb performing arts center stadium located in city what? Is the correct answer: city spokane?	Context: spokane city stadiums inb performing arts center;spokane city stadiums inb performing arts center;spokane city stadiums inb performing arts center
0.9999980330467224	Question: state or province california location contains location what? Is the correct answer: city vacaville?	Context: california geopolitical location contains city bay;california geopolitical location contains city bay;vacaville location located within location california
1.0	Question: person (Asia) enron proxy of what? Is the correct answer: person ken lay?	Context: kenneth lay proxy for enron;kenneth lay proxy for enron;ken lay agent collaborates with agent enron
1.0	Question: CEO mong koo chung controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker hyundai?	Context: hyundai agent controls mong koo chung;hyundai agent controls mong koo chung;hyundai agent controls mong koo chung
0.4375	Question: animal pet animals animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal cats?	Context: pet animals arthropod that feeds on insect creatures;cats animal predators creatures;cats animal preys on cats
1.0	Question: television network pbs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company wsre?	Context: kera tv agent belongs to organization pbs;kera tv agent belongs to organization pbs;wsre agent belongs to organization pbs
0.4375	Question: product spider synonym for what? Is the correct answer: park rattlesnake?	Context: brown recluse spider synonym for spider;brown recluse spider synonym for spider;rattlesnake synonym for spider
0.9296875	Question: state or province dc at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2003?	Context: dc arthropod that feeds on insect n2003;n2003 date of d c ;n2003 date of d c 
0.859375	Question: island isle of man mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: emotion douglas?	Context: douglas mutual proxy for isle of man;douglas mutual proxy for isle of man;douglas mutual proxy for isle of man
0.96484375	Question: company ktxl tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox super part of ktxl tv;fox super part of brit hume;fox super part of brit hume
0.4375	Question: music artist bottom agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: bottom arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
0.9999656677246094	Question: ML algorithm publications mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for publications;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.859375	Question: geopolitical organization south east asian countries location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location middle eastern countries?	Context: south east asian countries arthropod that feeds on insect national;national agent acts in location india;middle eastern countries agent acts in location india
1.0	Question: person aline isaacson agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company glsen?	Context: glsen agent collaborates with agent aline isaacson;glsen agent collaborates with agent aline isaacson;glsen agent collaborates with agent aline isaacson
0.4375	Question: radio station ksts subpart of what? Is the correct answer: company telemundo?	Context: telemundo super part of ksts;telemundo super part of kvda;telemundo super part of kvda
0.4375	Question: actor jesse rosen agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: male league?	Context: league agent collaborates with agent jesse rosen;league agent collaborates with agent jesse rosen;league agent collaborates with agent jesse rosen
0.71875	Question: television network cnn  pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company wwup tv?	Context: wiat controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wiat controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wwup tv agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs
1.0	Question: organization blue jays team plays sport what? Is the correct answer: sport baseball?	Context: blue jays team plays in league mlb;red sox team plays in league mlb;baseball sport team red sox
1.0	Question: blog alibaba com agent controls what? Is the correct answer: CEO jack ma?	Context: jack ma agent belongs to organization alibaba com;alibaba com controlled by agent jack ma;alibaba com controlled by agent jack ma
0.96484375	Question: sports team arkansas little rock trojans agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Mexico) ncaa?	Context: ncaa agent collaborates with agent arkansas little rock trojans;ncaa agent collaborates with agent iowa state cyclones;ncaa agent collaborates with agent iowa state cyclones
0.4375	Question: person (Canada) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: government organization fire?	Context: search arthropod that feeds on insect section;new york city of organization headquarters section;fire agent competes with agent new york
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: book contender?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;contender proxy for new
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical organization huntsville city has company office what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location national?	Context: huntsville arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect new york;national has office in city new york
1.0	Question: sports league post agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city hague?	Context: post agent competes with agent national;netherlands location acted in by agent national;hague city located in geopolitical location netherlands
0.96484375	Question: university state university organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: city capital?	Context: state university organization has person tim;state university organization has person tim;capital organization also known as state university
0.859375	Question: date literal n2006 date of what? Is the correct answer: city ethiopia?	Context: bangkok at date n2006;bangkok at date n2006;ethiopia at date n2006
0.859375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pins?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing top;pins clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.859375	Question: company delta air lines acquired what? Is the correct answer: company skywest airlines?	Context: airtran acquired by delta air lines;airtran acquired by delta air lines;skywest airlines acquired by delta air lines
0.9997552633285522	Question: retail store dell proxy of what? Is the correct answer: CEO michael dell?	Context: michael dell proxy for dell;dell001 organization has top member michael dell;michael dell subpart of dell001
0.71875	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company wgpt?	Context: wcvw controlled by agent pbs;wcvw controlled by agent pbs;wgpt controlled by agent pbs
0.9912109375	Question: country south sudan country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country democratic republic of congo?	Context: democratic republic of congo country also known as south sudan;democratic republic of congo country cities pointe noire;democratic republic of congo country cities pointe noire
0.9296875	Question: animal creatures animal predators what? Is the correct answer: invertebrate crows?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;animals001 animal such as fish salmon;crows animal preys on animals001
0.859375	Question: government organization county office organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: company services?	Context: county office arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency organization also known as department;services organization also known as department
1.0	Question: physical action process at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1999?	Context: n1999 date of process;n1999 date of department;n1999 date of department
0.4375	Question: vertebrate poultry animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal monogastric animals?	Context: poultry animal type has animal livestock;livestock animal type has animal poultry;monogastric animals animal preys on poultry
0.9997445344924927	Question: university college school attended by person what? Is the correct answer: person stephanie001?	Context: bill person attends school college;college school attended by person bill;stephanie001 person attends school college
0.4375	Question: politician senator dianne feinstein agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city clinton?	Context: senator dianne feinstein arthropod that feeds on insect george bush;george bush agent collaborates with agent obama;clinton agent collaborates with agent obama
0.859375	Question: date n1974 date of what? Is the correct answer: organization australia?	Context: n1974 arthropod that feeds on insect department;department at date n2007;australia at date n2007
0.997802734375	Question: city nagoya city located in country what? Is the correct answer: country japan?	Context: japan country cities nagoya;japan country cities tokyo;japan country cities tokyo
0.71875	Question: company virgin has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city miami?	Context: san francisco city has company office virgin;national has office in city san francisco;miami city has company office national
0.96484375	Question: journalist william c  rhoden journalist writes for publication what? Is the correct answer: politics blog times?	Context: new york times publication journalist william c  rhoden;new york times publication journalist nicholas kristof;times publication journalist nicholas kristof
0.96484375	Question: politician - US barack obama politician (US) endorses politician (US) what? Is the correct answer: politician - US palin?	Context: palin politician US endorsed by politician US barack obama;palin politician US endorsed by politician US mccain;palin politician US endorsed by politician US mccain
0.9912109375	Question: sports team position web site created by agent what? Is the correct answer: non-governmental organization information?	Context: web site arthropod that feeds on insect link;link agent created email;information agent created email
0.859375	Question: country america country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: america country currency dollars;european states country currency dollars;states geopolitical location contains country european states
1.0	Question: person - Australia richard bowen mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person taylor?	Context: richard bowen person leads geopolitical organization taylor;richard bowen person belongs to organization taylor;taylor mutual proxy for richard bowen
0.9983845353126526	Question: beach seal beach mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california mutual proxy for seal beach;california proxy of sonoma;california proxy of sonoma
0.4375	Question: political office wisconsin mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: architect sturtevant?	Context: united states mutual proxy for wisconsin;united states mutual proxy for wisconsin;sturtevant mutual proxy for wisconsin
1.0	Question: vertebrate ruminants generalization of what? Is the correct answer: animal deer002?	Context: ruminants arthropod that feeds on insect rats;rats specialization of creatures;deer002 specialization of creatures
0.71875	Question: journalist ed bradley controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: publication cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent controls ed bradley;cnn  pbs agent controls wjtv;cnn  pbs agent controls wjtv
0.999392569065094	Question: city d c  at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province district of columbia?	Context: d c  organization has person tom shales;d c  organization has person tom shales;district of columbia located at d c 
0.859375	Question: chemical three water super part of what? Is the correct answer: room systems?	Context: systems subpart of three water;systems subpart of utility;systems subpart of utility
0.71875	Question: state or province illinois located at what? Is the correct answer: city wheaton?	Context: illinois geopolitical location contains city springfield;illinois geopolitical location contains city springfield;wheaton at location illinois
0.9999926090240479	Question: bank paypal has office in country what? Is the correct answer: country america?	Context: paypal bank bank in country america;america country has company office wells fargo;america country has company office wells fargo
0.859375	Question: person (Canada) rufus wainwright agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: scientist john?	Context: john agent collaborates with agent rufus wainwright;john agent collaborates with agent rufus wainwright;john agent collaborates with agent rufus wainwright
0.859375	Question: politician - US sen  mccain agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US palin?	Context: sen  mccain arthropod that feeds on insect joe biden;joe biden agent collaborates with agent clinton;palin agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.96484375	Question: profession staff profession is type of profession what? Is the correct answer: profession instructors?	Context: specialists profession type has profession staff;specialists profession type has profession teachers;instructors profession type has profession teachers
0.9999995827674866	Question: CEO john stumpf person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: bank wells fargo?	Context: wells fargo organization hired person john stumpf;wells fargo organization has person john stumpf;wells fargo organization hired person john stumpf
0.99998539686203	Question: person ed whitacre agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company sbc?	Context: sbc agent collaborates with agent ed whitacre;sbc agent collaborates with agent ed whitacre;sbc agent collaborates with agent ed whitacre
0.4375	Question: room south location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state?	Context: state location contains location south;state organization has agent authority;state organization has agent authority
0.71875	Question: job position meeting at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n1939?	Context: meeting arthropod that feeds on insect n1998;n1998 date of england;n1939 date of england
1.0	Question: date n1989 date of what? Is the correct answer: company china?	Context: n1989 arthropod that feeds on insect washington   d   c  ;washington   d   c   at date n2008;china at date n2008
0.9999933838844299	Question: biotech company pg organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: CEO a g  lafley?	Context: a g  lafley works for pg;a g  lafley person terminated by organization pg;a g  lafley person hired by organization pg
0.4375	Question: arthropod buckeye agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person woody hayes?	Context: woody hayes agent collaborates with agent buckeye;woody hayes agent collaborates with agent osu;woody hayes agent collaborates with agent osu
1.0	Question: country india geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city bangalore?	Context: india country capital delhi;india country capital delhi;bangalore city located in geopolitical location india
0.4375	Question: company contacts competes with what? Is the correct answer: website facebook?	Context: facebook competes with contacts;mark zuckerberg top member of organization facebook;facebook organization has top member mark zuckerberg
0.4375	Question: publication washington competes with what? Is the correct answer: company ft?	Context: washington post competes with washington;washington post competes with journal;ft competes with journal
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue verizon wireless music center location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city indianapolis?	Context: indianapolis city stadiums verizon wireless music center;indianapolis city stadiums conseco fieldhouse;indianapolis location contains location conseco fieldhouse
0.4375	Question: sports league league agent controls what? Is the correct answer: music album lions?	Context: league arthropod that feeds on insect chicago cardinals;chicago cardinals controlled by agent nfl;lions controlled by agent nfl
0.859375	Question: language spanish language language of country what? Is the correct answer: country mexico?	Context: mexico country language spanish language;mexico country cities monterrey;mexico country cities monterrey
0.9987306594848633	Question: county fox worker what? Is the correct answer: politician - US sean hannity?	Context: brit hume works for fox;brit hume works for fox news;sean hannity works for fox news
1.0	Question: vegetable onions agricultural product cooked with agricultural product what? Is the correct answer: vegetable peppers?	Context: peas agricultural product cooked with agricultural product onions;pepper inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product peas;peppers inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product pepper
0.4375	Question: CEO carriage agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: musician steam?	Context: steam agent competes with agent carriage;steam agent competes with agent power line;steam agent competes with agent power line
0.977074146270752	Question: city jeddah location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country arabia saudita?	Context: arabia saudita location contains location jeddah;arabia saudita geopolitical location contains city riyadh;arabia saudita geopolitical location contains city riyadh
0.9999769926071167	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: organization way?	Context: aol video agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent aol video;way agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: date literal n1987 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province ut?	Context: n1987 arthropod that feeds on insect volunteer;fulmer person belongs to organization volunteer;fulmer person belongs to organization ut
0.4375	Question: person - US ryan ludwick agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: ryan ludwick agent collaborates with agent san diego padres;mlb agent collaborates with agent san diego padres
0.4375	Question: city texas proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization conroe?	Context: texas geopolitical location contains city garland;texas geopolitical location contains city garland;conroe proxy for texas
0.4375	Question: state or province affairs website synonym for what? Is the correct answer: job position executive?	Context: affairs website arthropod that feeds on insect affairs;affairs synonym for office;executive synonym for office
0.859375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing mini skirt?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;mini skirt clothing to go with clothing top
1.0	Question: sports league nba superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company detroit?	Context: los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;detroit subpart of organization nba
0.9999914169311523	Question: profession associate mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province education?	Context: associate synonym for studies;studies synonym for assistant;education mutual proxy for assistant
0.9999978542327881	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: website reminder?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;reminder proxy for new
0.4375	Question: state or province california agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city jobs?	Context: california arthropod that feeds on insect microsoft;microsoft agent collaborates with agent jobs;jobs agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.997802734375	Question: visual artist white works for what? Is the correct answer: political party council?	Context: department worker white;department worker white;white person belongs to organization council
0.859375	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company wnin tv?	Context: wcvw controlled by agent pbs;wcvw controlled by agent pbs;wnin tv controlled by agent pbs
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue chase field location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: chase field stadium home team diamondbacks;chase field stadium home team diamondbacks;mlb agent acts in location chase field
0.4375	Question: person (Mexico) brian kelly works for what? Is the correct answer: university cincinnati?	Context: notre dame worker brian kelly;notre dame worker brian kelly;brian kelly person belongs to organization cincinnati
0.4375	Question: academic field affairs synonym for what? Is the correct answer: train station tcc?	Context: office synonym for affairs;office synonym for affairs;tcc synonym for affairs
0.99945068359375	Question: stadium or event venue san jose located at what? Is the correct answer: weapon national?	Context: american at location san jose;american at location san jose;national at location san jose
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location algeria inverse of bank bank in country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location national?	Context: national bank bank in country algeria;national has office in country angola;national bank bank in country angola
0.4375	Question: vertebrate home generalization of what? Is the correct answer: mammal cats?	Context: home specialization of creatures;home specialization of creatures;cats specialization of home
0.859375	Question: agent start at date what? Is the correct answer: year n1997?	Context: start arthropod that feeds on insect n2005;n2005 date of department;n1997 date of department
0.9912109375	Question: person (Europe) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: criminal sites?	Context: searches agent competes with agent search;sites agent competes with agent searches
1.0	Question: politician obama politician represents location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization us ?	Context: us  location represented by politician obama;us  location represented by politician obama;us  location represented by politician obama
1.0	Question: city green bay mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province wisconsin?	Context: green bay arthropod that feeds on insect state;state proxy of madison;wisconsin state contains city madison
0.4375	Question: hotel hilton building located in city what? Is the correct answer: city atlantic city?	Context: hilton location located within location vegas;vegas city contains building resort;atlantic city city hotels resort
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country iraq?	Context: united states location contains location new;new location located within location united states;new proxy of iraq
1.0	Question: organization new orleans hornets team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team spurs?	Context: nba league teams new orleans hornets;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;spurs team plays against team los angeles lakers
0.859375	Question: clothing trousers clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tee shirt?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing trousers;shoes clothing to go with clothing shirt;tee shirt clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.9912109375	Question: television station kbnt has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city san diego?	Context: san diego city television station kbnt;kdtf television station in city san diego;san diego city has company office kdtf
0.9999984502792358	Question: country thailand proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city bangkok?	Context: thailand geopolitical location contains city bangkok;thailand country capital bangkok;bangkok proxy for thailand
0.4375	Question: website blender competes with what? Is the correct answer: blog   google?	Context: blender arthropod that feeds on insect feedburner;feedburner competes with twitter;  google competes with twitter
0.9737914800643921	Question: city vegas located at what? Is the correct answer: city treasure island?	Context: mandalay bay events center at location vegas;mandalay bay events center at location vegas;treasure island at location vegas
0.4375	Question: country america country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization uk ?	Context: america organization has person reggie fils aime;america organization has person reggie fils aime;uk  geopolitical location contains country america
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: physical action bicycle?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;new mutual proxy for bicycle
0.4375	Question: city sources synonym for what? Is the correct answer: government organization department?	Context: sources arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency synonym for office;department synonym for office
0.9999693036079407	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team minnesota duluth bulldogs?	Context: stanford cardinals team plays in league ncaa;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals;minnesota duluth bulldogs agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: website aim?	Context: water arthropod that feeds on insect power;power at date n2006;aim at date n2006
0.991211473941803	Question: island hialeah proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: florida001 location contains location hialeah;florida001 proxy of petersburg;florida001 proxy of petersburg
0.859375	Question: television show earthquake at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2010?	Context: earthquake arthropod that feeds on insect n2008;n2008 date of state;n2010 date of state
0.71875	Question: geopolitical organization asia agent participated in event what? Is the correct answer: event outcome result?	Context: result event has participant agent asia;result event has participant agent state;result event has participant agent state
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location daly city?	Context: sacramento city capital of state california;california state has capital sacramento;daly city at location california
0.96484375	Question: sports team reedley college tigers subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: reedley college tigers arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina
0.9772021174430847	Question: geopolitical location san luis obispo city located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california geopolitical location contains city san luis obispo;california geopolitical location contains city bay;california geopolitical location contains city bay
0.9912109375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing long sleeve shirt?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing shirt;long sleeve shirt clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.859375	Question: company blackberry competes with what? Is the correct answer: company apple001?	Context: apple001 competes with blackberry;steven top member of organization apple001;apple001 organization has top member steven
1.0	Question: sports team northern colorado bears team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams northern colorado bears;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
0.9973265528678894	Question: county rutland subpart of what? Is the correct answer: university vermont?	Context: rutland proxy for vermont;vermont super part of burlington;vermont super part of burlington
0.9912109375	Question: animal skunks animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal predators?	Context: skunks arthropod that feeds on insect caterpillars;caterpillars animal type has animal insects;predators animal type has animal insects
0.9989013671875	Question: mammal possums animal predators what? Is the correct answer: animal animals003?	Context: possums arthropod that feeds on insect hawks;mice animal predators hawks;animals003 animal preys on mice
0.9912109375	Question: county los angeles ca city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company kpxn?	Context: kaza organization headquartered in city los angeles ca;kaza television station in city los angeles ca;kpxn has office in city los angeles ca
0.999725341796875	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;office subpart of water
0.96484375	Question: coach urban meyer agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: buckeyes organization has agent urban meyer;buckeyes organization has agent urban meyer;florida001 organization has agent urban meyer
0.9989013671875	Question: profession keynote speaker proxy for what? Is the correct answer: room new?	Context: new proxy of keynote speaker;new proxy of attorney general;new proxy of attorney general
0.9999978542327881	Question: airport europe located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new at location europe;new at location states;new at location states
0.4375	Question: company skype competes with what? Is the correct answer: blog myspace?	Context: skype competes with facebook;myspace competes with facebook
0.5261222124099731	Question: mammal rabbits animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: arthropod prey?	Context: rodents animal is type of animal rabbits;rodents animal is type of animal rats;prey animal is type of animal rats
0.71875	Question: city new york located at what? Is the correct answer: zoo two world trade?	Context: new york city stadiums carnegie recital hall;new york city stadiums carnegie recital hall;two world trade at location new york
1.0	Question: sports team new york islanders agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue nassau coliseum?	Context: nassau coliseum location acted in by agent new york islanders;new york islanders team home stadium nassau coliseum;nassau coliseum location acted in by agent new york islanders
1.0	Question: hotel the hazelton hotel hotel in city what? Is the correct answer: city toronto?	Context: toronto city hotels the hazelton hotel;hotel le germain hotel in city toronto;toronto city hotels hotel le germain
0.71875	Question: mammal rodents animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal small mammals?	Context: rodents animal is type of animal rats;small mammals animal is type of animal rats
0.982421875	Question: geopolitical location members001 at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2003?	Context: n2001 date of members001;n2001 date of france france;n2003 date of france france
0.9878931641578674	Question: county fox agent controls what? Is the correct answer: radio station wdaf tv?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume controlled by agent fox;wdaf tv controlled by agent fox
0.4375	Question: bank air mail competes with what? Is the correct answer: retail store usps?	Context: air mail competes with priority;usps competes with priority
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) jay bruce agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: jay bruce arthropod that feeds on insect alex cora;alex cora agent collaborates with agent white sox;mlb agent collaborates with agent white sox
0.4375	Question: sports team kansas city chiefs super part of what? Is the correct answer: coach herm edwards?	Context: herm edwards subpart of kansas city chiefs;kansas city chiefs team coach herm edwards;herm edwards subpart of kansas city chiefs
0.4375	Question: city new orleans location contains location what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states location located within location new orleans;states location located within location egypt;states location located within location egypt
0.4375	Question: clothing top clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing blue skirt?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing top;blue skirt clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: animal birds002 animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: bird geese?	Context: dogs animal type has animal birds002;dogs animal type has animal animals;geese animal type has animal animals
0.9952486157417297	Question: year n1997 date of what? Is the correct answer: politics issue public?	Context: thailand at date n1997;thailand at date n1998;public at date n1998
0.96484375	Question: ski area college park location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: college park arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect us;national agent acts in location us
0.4375	Question: university louisiana state organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location state?	Context: louisiana state arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect state
0.859375	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: city finland?	Context: bangkok at date n2005;bangkok at date n2005;finland at date n2005
1.0	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: event outcome position?	Context: n2010 arthropod that feeds on insect bangkok;bangkok at date n2004;position at date n2004
0.4375	Question: sports team tennessee volunteers subpart of what? Is the correct answer: award, trophy, tournament ncaa?	Context: tennessee volunteers arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa super part of ncaa mens midwest regionals
0.96484375	Question: city aichi city located in country what? Is the correct answer: country japan?	Context: japan country cities aichi;japan country cities tokyo;japan country cities tokyo
0.997802734375	Question: geopolitical location new delhi mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country india?	Context: india mutual proxy for new delhi;india geopolitical location contains city mumbai;india geopolitical location contains city mumbai
1.0	Question: island fiji country cities what? Is the correct answer: city suva?	Context: suva city located in country fiji;suva city located in country fiji;suva city located in country fiji
0.96484375	Question: person (Canada) products agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: products arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
0.71875	Question: city stone proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: stone arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: location brice located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national agent acts in location brice;national at location albany;national at location albany
0.859375	Question: coach paul wulff controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: university washington state?	Context: washington state agent controls paul wulff;washington state agent controls paul wulff;washington state agent controls paul wulff
0.859375	Question: clothing jogging pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shoes?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing jogging pants;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes
0.4375	Question: city blanchard city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province oklahoma?	Context: oklahoma state contains city blanchard;oklahoma state contains city ardmore;oklahoma state contains city ardmore
1.0	Question: city abc superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: politics blog koco tv?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;koco tv agent belongs to organization abc
0.4375	Question: country monaco synonym for what? Is the correct answer: city republic?	Context: monaco arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect herzegovina;republic synonym for herzegovina
0.859375	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city carlisle?	Context: texas location acted in by agent american;texas location acted in by agent national;carlisle location acted in by agent national
0.71875	Question: politician - US senator john mccain politician US endorsed by politician US what? Is the correct answer: politician - US barack obama?	Context: senator john mccain arthropod that feeds on insect mccain;mitt romney politician (US) endorses politician (US) mccain;barack obama politician (US) endorses politician (US) mitt romney
1.0	Question: clothing suits clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing dresses?	Context: suits clothing to go with clothing shirts;shoes clothing to go with clothing shirts;dresses clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: academic field theatre academic program at university what? Is the correct answer: university college?	Context: college university has academic program theatre;college university has academic program architecture;college university has academic program architecture
1.0	Question: organization apple inc controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: city jobs?	Context: jobs agent controls apple inc;jobs agent controls pixar;jobs agent controls pixar
0.859375	Question: clothing tops clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing flip flops?	Context: shirts clothing to go with clothing tops;shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;flip flops clothing to go with clothing shirt
1.0	Question: animal chicken001 animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: vegetable romaine lettuce?	Context: potatoes inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;potatoes inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;romaine lettuce inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001
0.99945068359375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: landscape features water?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;water proxy for new
0.4837803542613983	Question: company mars acquired what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue wrigley field?	Context: wrigley field acquired by mars;wrigley field acquired by mars;wrigley field acquired by mars
0.71875	Question: date n1993 date of what? Is the correct answer: country italy?	Context: n1993 arthropod that feeds on insect contact;contact at date n2003;italy at date n2003
0.9296875	Question: month august date of what? Is the correct answer: building residence?	Context: august arthropod that feeds on insect exhibition;exhibition at date wednesday;residence at date wednesday
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: city lakewood?	Context: california location located within location united states;d c  city capital of country united states;d c  mutual proxy for lakewood
1.0	Question: city mississippi location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: person mississippi state?	Context: andy kennedy person belongs to organization mississippi;mississippi organization has person andy kennedy;mississippi state agent acts in location mississippi
1.0	Question: city new york city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company south african airways?	Context: new york city attractions art;new york city attractions art;south african airways has office in city new york
0.4375	Question: sports team nebraska cornhuskers subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: nebraska cornhuskers arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of kentucky;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky
0.859375	Question: building houses subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: houses arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect water treatment;water super part of water treatment
0.4375	Question: clothing shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing guayaberas?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt;guayaberas clothing to go with clothing shirts
0.4375	Question: city craig agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: craig arthropod that feeds on insect denver;denver agent competes with agent post;search agent competes with agent post
0.4375	Question: company service competes with what? Is the correct answer: website facebook?	Context: facebook competes with service;mark zuckerberg top member of organization facebook;facebook organization has top member mark zuckerberg
0.4375	Question: clothing khakis clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing short sleeved shirts?	Context: shirts clothing to go with clothing khakis;short sleeved shirts clothing to go with clothing shirts
0.4375	Question: city houston organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: coach art briles?	Context: houston organization has person art briles;houston organization has person art briles;houston organization has person art briles
0.9912109375	Question: product office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: job position dean?	Context: office synonym for offices;offices subpart of state;dean synonym for state
1.0	Question: city new gretna mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: new gretna arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new jersey proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: state or province greenwich mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: company new jersey?	Context: new jersey mutual proxy for greenwich;new jersey proxy of teterboro;new jersey proxy of teterboro
0.4375	Question: clothing stilettos clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing miniskirt?	Context: stilettos arthropod that feeds on insect shirt;top clothing to go with clothing shirt;miniskirt clothing to go with clothing top
0.9999996423721313	Question: person steve jobs agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company apple001?	Context: steve jobs person leads organization apple;apple organization has agent jobs;apple001 organization has agent jobs
0.859375	Question: company telegraph001 competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication washington?	Context: telegraph001 competes with times;washington competes with times
1.0	Question: state or province newjersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county somerville?	Context: newjersey arthropod that feeds on insect new jersey;new jersey proxy for new jersey;somerville proxy for new jersey
0.9999997019767761	Question: country mexico located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location oaxaca?	Context: mexico country capital mexico city;mexico country capital mexico city;oaxaca at location mexico
0.96484375	Question: person (Europe) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist check?	Context: sites agent competes with agent search;sites agent competes with agent search;check agent competes with agent search
0.8677123188972473	Question: country missouri location contains location what? Is the correct answer: city jefferson city?	Context: missouri geopolitical location contains city kansas city;missouri geopolitical location contains city kansas city;jefferson city proxy for missouri
0.4375	Question: city herzegovina synonym for what? Is the correct answer: country federal republic of yugoslavia?	Context: republic synonym for herzegovina;republic mutual proxy for serbia;federal republic of yugoslavia country also known as serbia
0.4375	Question: clothing fancy dresses clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing suits?	Context: fancy dresses arthropod that feeds on insect skirts;shirts clothing to go with clothing skirts;suits clothing to go with clothing shirts
0.4375	Question: television network cnn  pbs television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: company wcsc?	Context: wiat subpart of cnn  pbs;cnn  pbs television company affiliate wiat;wcsc television station affiliated with cnn  pbs
0.9296875	Question: city san francisco city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company delta air lines?	Context: san francisco arthropod that feeds on insect nbc universal;new york companies headquartered here nbc universal;delta air lines has office in city new york
1.0	Question: city vegas located at what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue thomas   mack center?	Context: mandalay bay events center at location vegas;mandalay bay events center at location las vegas;thomas   mack center at location las vegas
0.4375	Question: person andre iguodala agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city brand?	Context: andre iguodala arthropod that feeds on insect team;team agent collaborates with agent jobs;brand agent collaborates with agent jobs
1.0	Question: city livingston proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province newjersey?	Context: livingston arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;newjersey proxy of d c 
0.4375	Question: person powers person born in location what? Is the correct answer: hotel york?	Context: york location of person birth powers;york location of person birth adams;york location of person birth adams
0.9991728663444519	Question: company indian airlines and jet airways has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city delhi?	Context: delhi city has company office indian airlines and jet airways;budget hotel in city delhi;delhi city hotels budget
0.4375	Question: visualizable scene clock mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for clock;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location romania mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization bucharest?	Context: romania country capital bucharest;romania country capital bucharest;bucharest mutual proxy for romania
0.71875	Question: female lilly agent controls what? Is the correct answer: person (North America) john lechleiter?	Context: john lechleiter controlled by agent lilly;john lechleiter controlled by agent lilly;john lechleiter controlled by agent lilly
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location westerly at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province rhode island?	Context: rhode island mutual proxy for westerly;rhode island geopolitical location contains city providence;rhode island geopolitical location contains city providence
1.0	Question: currency francs currency country what? Is the correct answer: country switzerland switzerland?	Context: djibouti country currency francs;djibouti country currency francs;switzerland switzerland country currency francs
0.9667253494262695	Question: CEO stephen hester controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: bank royal bank?	Context: stephen hester agent controls royal bank;royal bank agent controls fred goodwin;royal bank agent controls fred goodwin
0.999157190322876	Question: reptile lizards animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: snakes agent competes with agent lizards;snakes animal type has animal predators;creatures animal type has animal predators
0.4375	Question: insect kingdom agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: trade union search?	Context: search agent competes with agent kingdom;search agent competes with agent america;search agent competes with agent america
0.9999656677246094	Question: county bossier city mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province louisiana?	Context: louisiana mutual proxy for bossier city;baton rouge city capital of state louisiana;baton rouge city capital of state louisiana
1.0	Question: country england inverse of coach works in country what? Is the correct answer: coach summers?	Context: hubs person died in country england;hubs person died in country england;summers coach works in country england
0.4375	Question: city d c  mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: monument d c?	Context: d c  mutual proxy for new;d c mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: monument eiffel tower?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;eiffel tower mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: model jonathan hunt?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume;jonathan hunt agent collaborates with agent fox
0.4375	Question: animal endangered species animal predators what? Is the correct answer: bird eagles?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish endangered species;animals001 animal such as fish salmon;eagles animal preys on animals001
0.96484375	Question: event outcome result event has participant agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province training?	Context: animals001 agent participated in event result;animals001 agent participated in event result;training agent participated in event result
0.997802734375	Question: city marina mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: marina arthropod that feeds on insect republic;republic mutual proxy for united states;california mutual proxy for united states
1.0	Question: city delray beach proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: delray beach arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of tampa;florida001 proxy of tampa
0.9909113645553589	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: music album station?	Context: n2010 arthropod that feeds on insect bangkok;bangkok at date n2008;station at date n2008
0.4375	Question: clothing white socks clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pants?	Context: shirts clothing to go with clothing white socks;shoes clothing to go with clothing shirts;pants clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.4375	Question: university madison organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: visual artist white?	Context: madison arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect countries;white person hired by organization countries
0.859375	Question: politics blog divisions organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: government organization management?	Context: divisions arthropod that feeds on insect department;department organization also known as division;management organization also known as division
0.4375	Question: city altamonte springs location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: altamonte springs arthropod that feeds on insect boca raton;boca raton mutual proxy for new;florida001 location contains location new
0.4375	Question: politics blog la times organization has person what? Is the correct answer: journalist bill plaschke?	Context: bill plaschke person belongs to organization la times;bill plaschke person belongs to organization la times;bill plaschke person belongs to organization la times
0.4375	Question: county fox superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: radio station wdky tv?	Context: kvct controlled by agent fox;kvct controlled by agent fox;wdky tv controlled by agent fox
0.859375	Question: clothing skirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pumps?	Context: jeans clothing to go with clothing skirt;pumps clothing to go with clothing jeans
1.0	Question: election the national at location what? Is the correct answer: city d c ?	Context: the national arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states geopolitical location contains city dc;d c  geopolitical location contains city dc
1.0	Question: coach boston bruins agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nhl?	Context: nhl organization has agent boston bruins;nhl organization has agent pittsburgh penguins;nhl organization has agent pittsburgh penguins
0.9822113513946533	Question: city berlin city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company air berlin?	Context: air berlin headquartered in berlin;air berlin has office in city vienna;air berlin has office in city vienna
1.0	Question: city auckland city located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: country new zealand?	Context: new zealand location contains location auckland;new zealand geopolitical location contains city port moresby;new zealand geopolitical location contains city port moresby
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: island society?	Context: statue of liberty001 mutual proxy for new;statue of liberty001 proxy for new;society mutual proxy for new
0.99560546875	Question: visual artist white person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: country russia?	Context: house organization hired person white;house organization has person white;russia organization hired person white
0.96484375	Question: date literal n2008 date of what? Is the correct answer: county las vegas?	Context: bangkok at date n2008;bangkok at date n2004;las vegas at date n2004
1.0	Question: sports team dallas mavericks team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nhl?	Context: dallas mavericks subpart of organization nhl;pittsburgh penguins team plays in league nhl;nhl league teams pittsburgh penguins
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city alto?	Context: national has office in country germany;national has office in country germany;alto city has company office national
0.9999828338623047	Question: country russia federation country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: russia federation arthropod that feeds on insect russia;european states geopolitical location contains country russia;states geopolitical location contains country european states
0.9541292786598206	Question: city lhasa proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country tibet?	Context: lhasa city capital of country tibet autonomous region;tibet autonomous region country capital lhasa;tibet country cities lhasa
1.0	Question: state or province newjersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city springfield?	Context: newjersey arthropod that feeds on insect new jersey;new jersey proxy for new jersey;springfield proxy for new jersey
1.0	Question: insect butterflies animal predators what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: butterflies arthropod that feeds on insect whiteflies;insects animal preys on whiteflies;insects animal preys on insects
0.859375	Question: company los angeles magazine001 competes with what? Is the correct answer: company new york?	Context: new york competes with los angeles magazine001;derek jeter person terminated by organization new york;derek jeter works for new york
1.0	Question: CEO tj rodgers agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city cypress?	Context: cypress organization has agent tj rodgers;cypress organization has agent tj rodgers;cypress organization has agent tj rodgers
0.9474385976791382	Question: geopolitical location aberdeen at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province maryland?	Context: aberdeen arthropod that feeds on insect u s ;u s  geopolitical location contains city annapolis;maryland geopolitical location contains city annapolis
0.96484375	Question: city sharm el sheikh mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: country egypt?	Context: egypt geopolitical location contains city sharm el sheikh;egypt geopolitical location contains city sharm el sheikh;egypt geopolitical location contains city sharm el sheikh
0.859375	Question: card game board mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city union?	Context: board arthropod that feeds on insect resources;resources proxy for new;union mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: city new york located at what? Is the correct answer: company former world trade?	Context: new york city attractions art;art attraction of city new york;former world trade at location new york
1.0	Question: state or province california mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location oceanside?	Context: california arthropod that feeds on insect long island;new york state contains city long island;oceanside mutual proxy for new york
0.859375	Question: clothing shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing helmets?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt;helmets clothing to go with clothing shirts
1.0	Question: sports team pittsburgh pirates team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team phillies?	Context: mlb agent controls pittsburgh pirates;yankees subpart of mlb;phillies agent competes with agent yankees
0.4375	Question: country bolivia country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country united states?	Context: bolivia arthropod that feeds on insect spain;american countries country also known as spain;united states country also known as american countries
0.859375	Question: state or province new york state agent controls what? Is the correct answer: plant services?	Context: services controlled by agent new york state;services controlled by agent new york;services controlled by agent new york
0.4375	Question: government organization usps agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: company us parcel post?	Context: usps global priority agent competes with agent usps;usps global priority agent competes with agent usps;us parcel post agent competes with agent usps
0.4375	Question: politician - US jobs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city secret?	Context: jobs works for apple;apple organization has person jobs;secret agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.4375	Question: bird large bird agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: reptile eagle?	Context: large bird arthropod that feeds on insect birds002;birds002 agent competes with agent birds002;eagle agent competes with agent birds002
1.0	Question: music album nashville subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon tennessee?	Context: nashville proxy for tennessee;tennessee super part of knoxville;tennessee super part of knoxville
1.0	Question: hobby playground mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for playground;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.9912109375	Question: clothing clothes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object coat?	Context: clothes clothing to go with clothing shirts;shoes clothing to go with clothing shirts;coat clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: physical action process proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of process;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
1.0	Question: journalist david neeleman works for what? Is the correct answer: company jetblue?	Context: jetblue worker david neeleman;jetblue worker david neeleman;jetblue worker david neeleman
1.0	Question: city new york city newspaper what? Is the correct answer: newspaper fortune?	Context: wall street journal newspaper in city new york;wall street journal newspaper in city new york;fortune newspaper in city new york
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue metropolitan opera at location what? Is the correct answer: attraction new york city metropolitan area?	Context: metropolitan opera arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york located at hammerstein ballroom;new york city metropolitan area located at hammerstein ballroom
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: county monmouth county?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;monmouth county mutual proxy for new
0.859375	Question: television station wowk controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: publication cnn  pbs?	Context: wowk subpart of cnn  pbs;cnn  pbs agent controls kiro tv;cnn  pbs agent controls kiro tv
0.859375	Question: state or province wisconsin located at what? Is the correct answer: city racine?	Context: wisconsin geopolitical location contains city milwaukee;wisconsin geopolitical location contains city milwaukee;racine at location wisconsin
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker marketing manager?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;marketing manager mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: profession uw system vice mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: academic field affairs?	Context: uw system vice arthropod that feeds on insect minister;minister mutual proxy for new;affairs mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: biotech company section agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: city thomas?	Context: art agent competes with agent section;art agent competes with agent section;thomas agent competes with agent section
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene mansion?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;mansion located at new
1.0	Question: CEO vijay mallya controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker force india?	Context: vijay mallya agent controls kingfisher airlines;vijay mallya agent controls kingfisher airlines;vijay mallya agent collaborates with agent force india
0.9924936890602112	Question: state or province illinois super part of what? Is the correct answer: sports team champaign?	Context: illinois geopolitical location contains city springfield;illinois geopolitical location contains city springfield;champaign subpart of illinois
0.4375	Question: athlete charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: crustacean tv?	Context: charlie gibson arthropod that feeds on insect wife;wife agent collaborates with agent obama;tv agent collaborates with agent obama
1.0	Question: county clifton located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: clifton location acted in by agent national;national at location everett;national at location everett
0.859375	Question: country uk country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country south africa?	Context: russian language of country uk;republic country language russian;south africa country also known as republic
0.859375	Question: state or province stories agent participated in event what? Is the correct answer: event outcome result?	Context: new mutual proxy for stories;new proxy of state;result event has participant agent state
0.9993739724159241	Question: radio station wyou controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent controls wyou;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv;cnn  pbs agent controls wtvr tv
1.0	Question: clothing white shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing bowtie?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing white shirt;hat clothing to go with clothing shirt;bowtie clothing to go with clothing hat
0.4375	Question: university institute synonym for what? Is the correct answer: professional organization national board?	Context: institute arthropod that feeds on insect board;board synonym for committee;national board synonym for committee
0.4375	Question: person house agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: astronaut herbert hoover?	Context: obama agent collaborates with agent house;obama agent collaborates with agent house;herbert hoover agent collaborates with agent house
0.859375	Question: date n1999 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: new york mutual proxy for n1999;new york proxy of long island;new york proxy of long island
0.96484375	Question: sports team dallas mavericks tv watch team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team nets?	Context: dallas mavericks tv watch subpart of nba;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;nets team plays against team los angeles lakers
1.0	Question: newspaper the des moines register organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: journalist randy peterson?	Context: bryce miller person leads organization the des moines register;bryce miller person leads organization the des moines register;randy peterson person leads organization the des moines register
0.859375	Question: country italy at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2010?	Context: italy proxy of milan;n2010 date of milan
0.982421875	Question: country soviet union country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: country china?	Context: soviet union synonym for republic;republic synonym for soviet union;china geopolitical location contains country soviet union
1.0	Question: university connecticut subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: connecticut arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization mississippi state university;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization mississippi state university
0.9999055862426758	Question: state or province states geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country czech republic?	Context: republic geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location republic;czech republic country located in geopolitical location states
0.4375	Question: clothing tunic clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hat?	Context: tunic arthropod that feeds on insect skirt;grass inverse of clothing made from plant skirt;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat
0.4375	Question: mammal cats generalization of what? Is the correct answer: animal pet?	Context: family pets specialization of cats;family pets specialization of cats;pet specialization of cats
1.0	Question: language english language of university what? Is the correct answer: university mcgill university?	Context: harvard university university operates in language english;harvard university university operates in language english;mcgill university university operates in language english
1.0	Question: CEO charles o  holliday CEO of what? Is the correct answer: company du pont?	Context: du pont company CEO charles o  holliday;du pont company CEO charles o  holliday;du pont company CEO charles o  holliday
1.0	Question: automobile maker acura automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: city chicago south?	Context: chicago south inverse of automobile maker dealers in city acura;chicago south city attractions wrigley field;chicago south city attractions wrigley field
0.9613446593284607	Question: record label syd nathan agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: country king?	Context: king organization has agent syd nathan;king organization has agent syd nathan;king organization has agent syd nathan
1.0	Question: county dow organization terminated person what? Is the correct answer: CEO andrew liveris?	Context: andrew liveris works for dow;andrew liveris person leads organization dow chemical company;andrew liveris works for dow chemical company
0.859375	Question: company salt lake tribune001 competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog journal?	Context: salt lake tribune001 arthropod that feeds on insect chicago tribune;chicago tribune competes with los angeles;journal competes with los angeles
0.4375	Question: newspaper missouri mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city fulton?	Context: new mutual proxy for missouri;new mutual proxy for missouri;fulton mutual proxy for missouri
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: government organization administrator?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;administrator located at new
0.4375	Question: blog knxt tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: celebrity educational?	Context: educational agent controls knxt tv;educational agent controls watc tv;educational agent controls watc tv
1.0	Question: county midland park proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province newjersey?	Context: midland park arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;newjersey proxy of d c 
0.997802734375	Question: country usa location contains location what? Is the correct answer: city louisiana?	Context: usa geopolitical location contains city las vegas;usa geopolitical location contains city las vegas;usa super part of louisiana
0.9999310374259949	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team evansville purple aces?	Context: wildcats team plays in league ncaa;wildcats team plays in league ncaa;evansville purple aces team plays in league ncaa
0.9296875	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: geometric shape areas?	Context: n2005 arthropod that feeds on insect cape town;cape town at date n2004;areas at date n2004
0.4375	Question: music artist news agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog star telegram?	Context: economist agent competes with agent news;economist agent competes with agent news;star telegram agent competes with agent news
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location place geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country korea?	Context: place arthropod that feeds on insect korea;won currency country korea;korea country currency won
0.4375	Question: organization kosovo country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country democratic republic of congo?	Context: democratic republic of congo country also known as kosovo;democratic republic of congo country cities pointe noire;democratic republic of congo country cities pointe noire
0.4375	Question: organization new federal reserve agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US ben bernanke?	Context: ben bernanke agent collaborates with agent new federal reserve;ben bernanke agent collaborates with agent u s  fed;ben bernanke agent collaborates with agent u s  fed
0.4375	Question: island water distribution super part of what? Is the correct answer: table item collection?	Context: systems subpart of water distribution;systems subpart of water distribution;collection subpart of water distribution
0.859375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: female rick perry?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;rick perry agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: music album chronicle?	Context: power proxy for new;power proxy for new;chronicle proxy for new
0.4375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist comments?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;comments agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: coach joe gibbs person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city d c ?	Context: redskins team coach joe gibbs;joe gibbs coach's team redskins;d c  organization has person joe gibbs
0.859375	Question: language russian language of country what? Is the correct answer: country belarus?	Context: soviet union country language russian;soviet union country language russian;belarus country language russian
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location latin america geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country soviet union?	Context: latin america arthropod that feeds on insect countries;united states country located in geopolitical location countries;soviet union country located in geopolitical location united states
1.0	Question: company mobile competes with what? Is the correct answer: company yahoo?	Context: mobile arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york competes with facebook;yahoo competes with facebook
0.4375	Question: television network cnn  pbs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company kccw tv?	Context: wtvr tv agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs;wtvr tv agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs;kccw tv agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs
1.0	Question: clothing shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing khaki pants?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;khaki pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: company interview competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication washington?	Context: new york competes with interview;new york competes with washington post;washington competes with washington post
0.9999999403953552	Question: sports team dallas mavericks tv watch team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team spurs?	Context: nba league teams dallas mavericks tv watch;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;spurs team plays against team los angeles lakers
1.0	Question: state or province new york located at what? Is the correct answer: company daily news001?	Context: new york subpart of new york;new york at location new;daily news001 at location new
0.859375	Question: CEO reid hoffman agent controls what? Is the correct answer: agricultural product linkedin?	Context: linkedin controlled by agent reid hoffman;linkedin controlled by agent reid hoffman;linkedin controlled by agent reid hoffman
0.9996019005775452	Question: male salisbury mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: newspaper north carolina?	Context: salisbury subpart of north carolina;north carolina mutual proxy for wilmington;north carolina mutual proxy for wilmington
0.4375	Question: website espn com publication journalist what? Is the correct answer: journalist gene wojciechowski?	Context: gene wojciechowski journalist writes for publication espn com;gene wojciechowski journalist writes for publication espn com;gene wojciechowski journalist writes for publication espn com
0.7564324140548706	Question: country lesotho country language what? Is the correct answer: language sesotho?	Context: sesotho language of country lesotho;sesotho language of country lesotho;sesotho language of country lesotho
0.4375	Question: television network cnn  pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: radio station kgpe?	Context: wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;kgpe subpart of organization cnn  pbs
0.4375	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization incident?	Context: search agent competes with agent contact;search agent competes with agent contact;incident agent competes with agent search
1.0	Question: sports league nba superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team utah jazz?	Context: suns subpart of organization nba;nba subpart of organization suns;utah jazz team plays in league nba
0.4375	Question: city parents agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate news?	Context: parents arthropod that feeds on insect humans;humans agent competes with agent search;news agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: stadium or event venue bell centre attraction of city what? Is the correct answer: city montreal?	Context: montreal city attractions bell centre;montreal city attractions bell centre;montreal city attractions bell centre
0.4375	Question: company wunj tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs organization has agent wunj tv;pbs agent controls kawe;pbs agent controls kawe
0.4375	Question: reptile accounts agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate search?	Context: accounts arthropod that feeds on insect humans;humans agent competes with agent animals001;search agent competes with agent animals001
0.71875	Question: country belarus at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: belarus arthropod that feeds on insect n1996;n1996 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.859375	Question: country middle atlantic states mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for middle atlantic states;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.4375	Question: sports team maryland terrapins subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: maryland terrapins arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of kentucky;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky
1.0	Question: city atlanta city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: bank ups ground?	Context: wxia organization headquartered in city atlanta;wxia television station in city atlanta;ups ground headquartered in atlanta
1.0	Question: state or province new jersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city chesilhurst?	Context: trenton city capital of state new jersey;new jersey state has capital trenton;chesilhurst mutual proxy for new jersey
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization western australia?	Context: states location contains location new;new location located within location states;western australia location contains location new
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team louis cardinals?	Context: mlb agent controls red sox;bad cubs subpart of mlb;louis cardinals team plays against team bad cubs
0.859375	Question: music song move at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: n2006 date of move;n2006 date of department;n2006 date of department
0.859375	Question: city nepal at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2010?	Context: nepal country capital nepal;nepal country capital nepal;n2010 date of nepal
0.9998916983604431	Question: animal animals001 animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal fox?	Context: creatures animal predators animals001;animals001 animal predators creatures;fox animal predators animals001
0.4375	Question: person (Canada) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: actor ancestors?	Context: google agent competes with agent search;google agent competes with agent search;ancestors agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: person - US party agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: bird pigeon?	Context: party arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect pigeon
1.0	Question: company air france agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city southampton?	Context: southampton city of organization headquarters air france;southampton city of organization headquarters air france;southampton city of organization headquarters air france
1.0	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: hallway item market?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;market subpart of water
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location state superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: government organization governments?	Context: agencies subpart of organization state;agencies subpart of organization state;governments subpart of organization state
0.4375	Question: university google agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: criminal social network sites?	Context: google organization has person jobs;google organization has person jobs;social network sites agent competes with agent google
1.0	Question: sports team indians team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team red sox?	Context: mlb league teams indians;yankees subpart of mlb;red sox team plays against team yankees
0.9998626708984375	Question: geopolitical organization web site at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: web site arthropod that feeds on insect n2008;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location state agent controls what? Is the correct answer: city communities?	Context: services controlled by agent state;services controlled by agent state;communities controlled by agent state
0.9999995231628418	Question: stadium or event venue flamingo las vegas located at what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue mandalay bay events center?	Context: flamingo las vegas arthropod that feeds on insect treasure island hotel;treasure island hotel at location vegas;mandalay bay events center at location vegas
0.4375	Question: city heber mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: credit union arizona?	Context: arizona mutual proxy for heber;rich rodriguez person belongs to organization arizona;rich rodriguez person belongs to organization arizona
0.9999953508377075	Question: bird owls animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal animals?	Context: owls arthropod that feeds on insect wolves;wolves animal is type of animal predators;animals animal is type of animal predators
0.999999463558197	Question: CEO michael eisner agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: zoo disney?	Context: disney organization has agent michael eisner;michael eisner top member of organization disney;disney organization has agent michael eisner
0.4375	Question: music artist beatles agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person - Australia jobs001?	Context: beatles arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect jobs001
0.4375	Question: clothing plaid shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tie?	Context: plaid shirt arthropod that feeds on insect white shirt;shoes clothing to go with clothing white shirt;tie clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.71875	Question: company hershey foods corporation location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province pennsylvania?	Context: pennsylvania location contains location hershey foods corporation;pennsylvania geopolitical location contains city pittsburgh;pennsylvania location contains location pittsburgh
1.0	Question: state or province newjersey proxy of what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene river edge?	Context: pine beach proxy for newjersey;pine beach proxy for newjersey;river edge proxy for newjersey
0.4375	Question: clothing blazer clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing khakis?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing blazer;khakis clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.4375	Question: magazine career agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person cohen?	Context: obama agent collaborates with agent career;obama agent collaborates with agent career;cohen agent collaborates with agent career
1.0	Question: state or province new jersey mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: lake pennington?	Context: new jersey state has capital trenton;new jersey state has capital trenton;pennington mutual proxy for new jersey
1.0	Question: athlete wta mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: model larry scott?	Context: larry scott controlled by agent wta;larry scott controlled by agent wta;larry scott mutual proxy for wta
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location wilmington city television station what? Is the correct answer: television station wway tv?	Context: wway tv television station in city wilmington;wway tv television station in city wilmington;wway tv television station in city wilmington
0.4375	Question: card game board mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: profession professionals?	Context: board arthropod that feeds on insect resources;resources proxy for new;professionals mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: clothing socks clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing toed shoes?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing socks;toed shoes clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.9999914169311523	Question: sports team james madison dukes team plays in city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization harrisonburg?	Context: harrisonburg city sports teams james madison dukes;harrisonburg city sports teams james madison dukes;harrisonburg city sports teams james madison dukes
1.0	Question: city police mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person mugabe?	Context: mugabe mutual proxy for police;harare organization led by person mugabe;mugabe mutual proxy for harare
0.71875	Question: city san francisco city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company daily news001?	Context: san francisco arthropod that feeds on insect nbc universal;new york companies headquartered here nbc universal;daily news001 has office in city new york
1.0	Question: vehicle porsche mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: CEO wendelin wiedeking?	Context: wendelin wiedeking mutual proxy for porsche;wendelin wiedeking person terminated by organization porsche;wendelin wiedeking person terminated by organization porsche
0.9999656677246094	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization long beach001?	Context: national has office in country germany;national has office in country germany;long beach001 city has company office national
1.0	Question: date n1989 date of what? Is the correct answer: male canada?	Context: n1989 arthropod that feeds on insect washington   d   c  ;washington   d   c   at date n2004;canada at date n2004
1.0	Question: geopolitical location san mateo city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: radio station kcsm?	Context: kcsm organization headquartered in city san mateo;kcsm organization headquartered in city san mateo;kcsm organization headquartered in city san mateo
0.4375	Question: country bangladesh country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country tanzania?	Context: united states country also known as bangladesh;south africa country also known as united states;tanzania country also known as south africa
0.9999998807907104	Question: date literal n2002 date of what? Is the correct answer: person president?	Context: n2002 arthropod that feeds on insect havana;havana at date n1998;president at date n1998
0.9956057667732239	Question: company chicago proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue united center?	Context: richard m  daley person belongs to organization chicago;richard m  daley works for chicago;united center proxy of chicago
0.859375	Question: person - US ben sheets agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city tampa?	Context: ben sheets person belongs to organization tampa;tampa organization has agent carl crawford;tampa organization has agent carl crawford
0.9999997615814209	Question: sports team western st colo mountaineers subpart of what? Is the correct answer: award, trophy, tournament ncaa mens midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of western st colo mountaineers;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of ncaa midwest regionals
0.9912109375	Question: sports team colts team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team chicago cardinals?	Context: nfl league teams colts;nfl league teams new york giants;chicago cardinals team plays against team new york giants
0.859375	Question: kitchen item public water super part of what? Is the correct answer: musician agencies?	Context: facilities subpart of public water;facilities subpart of public water;agencies subpart of public water
0.4375	Question: clothing pumps clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing jacket?	Context: pumps arthropod that feeds on insect boots;jeans clothing to go with clothing boots;jacket clothing to go with clothing jeans
0.9912109375	Question: city murdoch agent controls what? Is the correct answer: television station news corp?	Context: murdoch controlled by agent fox news;murdoch controlled by agent fox news;news corp controlled by agent murdoch
0.9999999403953552	Question: publication boston globe subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new york times?	Context: boston globe arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of new york;new york city of organization headquarters new york times
0.4375	Question: company goodyear proxy for what? Is the correct answer: credit union arizona?	Context: arizona proxy of goodyear;arizona proxy of tucson;arizona proxy of tucson
1.0	Question: bank general electric has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city fairfield?	Context: jeffrey immelt top member of organization general electric;jeffrey immelt top member of organization general electric;fairfield city has company office general electric
0.4375	Question: date literal n2010 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: music song oklahoma?	Context: new mutual proxy for n2010;new mutual proxy for n2010;oklahoma mutual proxy for n2010
0.4375	Question: stadium or event venue n6 pm mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for n6 pm;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
0.999999463558197	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: disease specialist?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;specialist subpart of water
0.9898989200592041	Question: journalist ann curry agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal organization has agent ann curry;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal organization has agent bob wright
0.4375	Question: university institute inverse of person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: politician - US paul?	Context: institute arthropod that feeds on insect peter;college inverse of person graduated from university peter;paul person graduated from university college
0.4375	Question: writer bill geist agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: publication cnn  pbs?	Context: bill geist person belongs to organization cnn  pbs;cnn  pbs organization has agent leslie moonves;cnn  pbs organization has agent leslie moonves
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province man?	Context: united states location contains location new;new location located within location united states;man location contains location new
0.96484375	Question: city kansas organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach charlie weis?	Context: charlie weis person belongs to organization kansas;charlie weis works for notre dame;charlie weis person hired by organization notre dame
0.859375	Question: sports team target agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: target arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect search
0.4375	Question: state or province indiana proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county martinsville?	Context: bill lynch person terminated by organization indiana;bill lynch works for indiana;martinsville proxy for indiana
0.9296875	Question: television network upn television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: company wacy tv?	Context: wpsg controlled by agent upn;wpsg subpart of upn;wacy tv television station affiliated with upn
0.96484375	Question: weather phenomenon two mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: political party committee?	Context: two arthropod that feeds on insect state;state mutual proxy for new;committee mutual proxy for new
1.0	Question: building way proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: way arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: company overture?	Context: overture agent competes with agent search;overture competes with goggle;overture agent competes with agent goggle
0.859375	Question: clothing shoes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing wear?	Context: jeans clothing to go with clothing shoes;wear clothing to go with clothing jeans
1.0	Question: sports team florida gators team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team wildcats?	Context: florida gators subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;georgia bulldogs subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;wildcats team plays against team georgia bulldogs
1.0	Question: physical action specialty proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of specialty;new proxy of france france;new proxy of france france
0.96484375	Question: sports team detroit pistons team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team cavaliers?	Context: nba league teams detroit pistons;nba league teams chicago bulls;cavaliers team plays against team chicago bulls
0.4375	Question: company knhm radio station in city what? Is the correct answer: city bayside?	Context: post competes with knhm;national competes with post;bayside city has company office national
0.859375	Question: athlete john mccain agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician gov  sarah palin?	Context: john mccain arthropod that feeds on insect clinton;clinton agent collaborates with agent sen  john mccain;gov  sarah palin agent collaborates with agent sen  john mccain
0.9999656677246094	Question: person greg001 person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: state university organization has person greg001;state university organization has person andrew;state university organization has person andrew
0.96484375	Question: company flex competes with what? Is the correct answer: company google?	Context: google competes with flex;eric schmidt top member of organization google;google organization has top member eric schmidt
0.859375	Question: website herald tribune agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: publication the new york?	Context: herald tribune arthropod that feeds on insect chicago tribune;chicago tribune agent competes with agent journal;the new york agent competes with agent journal
1.0	Question: person - South America sanantonio mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person savannah?	Context: sheridan mutual proxy for sanantonio;sheridan mutual proxy for sanantonio;savannah mutual proxy for sanantonio
0.4375	Question: country pakistan country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country nepal?	Context: pakistan arthropod that feeds on insect russian;united states country language russian;nepal country also known as united states
0.4375	Question: music artist leon redbone agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: criminal john?	Context: john agent collaborates with agent leon redbone;john agent collaborates with agent times;john agent collaborates with agent times
0.4375	Question: clothing vests clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing t shirts?	Context: vests arthropod that feeds on insect boots;shoes clothing to go with clothing boots;t shirts clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.16206446290016174	Question: arthropod spiders inverse of arthropod called arthropod what? Is the correct answer: arachnid scorpions?	Context: spiders arthropod called arthropod brown recluse spider;spiders arthropod called arthropod brown recluse spider;scorpions inverse of arthropod and other arthropod spiders
0.9991787075996399	Question: book house at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2002 date of house;n2002 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.859375	Question: music artist journal agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: blog the new york times?	Context: washington agent competes with agent journal;washington agent competes with agent journal;the new york times agent competes with agent journal
1.0	Question: country republic country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country european states?	Context: america country also known as republic;european states country also known as america
1.0	Question: website yahoo agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university search?	Context: yahoo arthropod that feeds on insect yahoo;yahoo agent competes with agent aol video;search agent competes with agent aol video
0.4375	Question: state or province pennsylvania proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city williamsport?	Context: harrisburg city capital of state pennsylvania;harrisburg city capital of state pennsylvania;williamsport mutual proxy for pennsylvania
0.859375	Question: sports team cleveland browns team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team baltimore colts in super bowl iii?	Context: nfl league teams cleveland browns;cowboys 19 13 subpart of nfl;baltimore colts in super bowl iii team plays against team cowboys 19 13
0.4375	Question: company kakw subpart of what? Is the correct answer: television network upn?	Context: upn agent controls kakw;upn super part of kcwe;upn super part of kcwe
1.0	Question: politician - US president george w  bush politician (US) endorses politician (US) what? Is the correct answer: politician - US john kerry?	Context: president george w  bush arthropod that feeds on insect barack obama;barack obama politician US endorsed by politician US al gore;john kerry politician US endorsed by politician US al gore
1.0	Question: city kosovo agent controls what? Is the correct answer: person ramush haradinaj?	Context: ramush haradinaj agent belongs to organization kosovo;ramush haradinaj works for kosovo;ramush haradinaj agent belongs to organization kosovo
0.4375	Question: person - US chase headley agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team san diego padres?	Context: chase headley arthropod that feeds on insect red sox;kent mercker person belongs to organization red sox;san diego padres agent collaborates with agent kent mercker
0.9999797940254211	Question: politician - US senator obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city clinton?	Context: senator obama arthropod that feeds on insect barack obama;barack obama agent collaborates with agent mccain;clinton agent collaborates with agent mccain
0.4375	Question: company kark subpart of what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal super part of kark;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal super part of bob wright
0.9989275932312012	Question: animal reptiles animal predators what? Is the correct answer: reptile turtles?	Context: snakes animal preys on reptiles;animals animal predators snakes;turtles animal preys on animals
0.9964088797569275	Question: geopolitical location state organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province facility?	Context: agency agent belongs to organization state;agency agent belongs to organization state;facility agent belongs to organization state
0.96484375	Question: sports team bengals controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league nfl?	Context: nfl agent controls bengals;nfl agent controls chicago cardinals;nfl agent controls chicago cardinals
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city bay?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;bay proxy for new
1.0	Question: sports team titans team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team dallas texans kansas city chiefs?	Context: nfl controlled by agent titans;broncos subpart of nfl;dallas texans kansas city chiefs team plays against team broncos
0.4375	Question: clothing tank clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing sweatpants?	Context: tank arthropod that feeds on insect shirts;shirt clothing to go with clothing shirts;sweatpants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.96484375	Question: politician robert person graduated from university what? Is the correct answer: university stanford?	Context: college inverse of person graduated from university robert;peter person graduated from university college;stanford inverse of person graduated from university peter
0.4375	Question: automobile maker general motors agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: county pontiac?	Context: general motors arthropod that feeds on insect roger smith;roger smith agent collaborates with agent general motors acceptance corporation;pontiac agent collaborates with agent general motors acceptance corporation
0.4375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Canada) stevie wonder?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;stevie wonder agent collaborates with agent obama
0.4375	Question: state or province new hampshire located at what? Is the correct answer: island north conway?	Context: new hampshire geopolitical location contains city manchester;new hampshire geopolitical location contains city manchester;north conway at location new hampshire
1.0	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city downers grove?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent national;d c  location acted in by agent national;downers grove location acted in by agent national
0.71875	Question: city riverdale location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist american?	Context: american agent acts in location riverdale;american agent acts in location bedford;american agent acts in location bedford
0.9296875	Question: landscape features lakes located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national at location lakes;national at location annapolis;national at location annapolis
0.9985345602035522	Question: animal organisms animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal humans?	Context: flies animal preys on organisms;organisms animal preys on flies;humans animal preys on organisms
0.71875	Question: date n2001 date of what? Is the correct answer: music song funds?	Context: n2001 arthropod that feeds on insect bangkok;bangkok at date n2006;funds at date n2006
0.4375	Question: company kbdi tv television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: kbdi tv agent collaborates with agent pbs;wcvw television station affiliated with pbs;wcvw television station affiliated with pbs
0.71875	Question: island territory controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: political party government?	Context: territory arthropod that feeds on insect state;state agent controls resources;government agent controls resources
0.96484375	Question: city georgia mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city atlanta north?	Context: vince dooley person terminated by organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;atlanta north mutual proxy for georgia
0.4375	Question: female raven agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: raven arthropod that feeds on insect apple;apple agent collaborates with agent steve jobs;jobs agent collaborates with agent steve jobs
0.96484375	Question: state or province south carolina state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city charleston?	Context: south carolina arthropod that feeds on insect d c ;d c  city has company office national;national has office in city charleston
1.0	Question: sports team seattle redhawks subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: seattle redhawks arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina
0.9245691299438477	Question: athlete charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: website abc world news?	Context: abc agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson;abc agent collaborates with agent terry moran;abc world news agent collaborates with agent terry moran
0.4375	Question: sports team san jose earthquakes team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team colorado rapids?	Context: mls league teams san jose earthquakes;new england revolution team plays in league mls;colorado rapids team plays against team new england revolution
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city tourist town?	Context: n2007 mutual proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;tourist town mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: music album expansions subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of expansions;water super part of pump;water super part of pump
0.71875	Question: television network cnn  pbs superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company kusg?	Context: wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;kusg subpart of organization cnn  pbs
1.0	Question: date mgm subpart of what? Is the correct answer: company sony001?	Context: mgm arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect columbia;sony001 superpart of organization columbia
0.9999998807907104	Question: coach iowa st subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals super part of iowa st;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky
0.859375	Question: journalist al roker agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: al roker arthropod that feeds on insect rca;rca agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff;nbc universal agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff
0.859375	Question: city saint louis organization has person what? Is the correct answer: athlete sam bradford?	Context: rick majerus person belongs to organization saint louis;rick majerus person belongs to organization saint louis;sam bradford person belongs to organization saint louis
0.999999463558197	Question: building planet hollywood at location what? Is the correct answer: city vegas?	Context: las vegas city attractions planet hollywood;mandalay bay events center stadium located in city las vegas;vegas located at mandalay bay events center
0.859375	Question: state or province oklahoma organization has person what? Is the correct answer: coach barry switzer?	Context: oklahoma arthropod that feeds on insect mike gundy;mike gundy works for cowboys 19 13;barry switzer person hired by organization cowboys 19 13
1.0	Question: shopping mall meriden at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: connecticut located at meriden;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport
0.96484375	Question: award, trophy, tournament states at location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location southwest?	Context: southwest located at states;southwest company CEO herb kelleher;herb kelleher person belongs to organization southwest
0.71875	Question: stadium or event venue thomas wolfe auditorium proxy of what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene asheville?	Context: asheville proxy for thomas wolfe auditorium;asheville proxy for thomas wolfe auditorium;asheville proxy for thomas wolfe auditorium
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) aaron brooks agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: non-governmental organization reds?	Context: aaron brooks arthropod that feeds on insect andy marte;andy marte agent collaborates with agent veteran;reds agent collaborates with agent veteran
1.0	Question: city nassau city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company bahamas air?	Context: bahamas country capital nassau;bahamas country capital nassau;bahamas air has office in city nassau
0.4375	Question: politician former president george h w  bush has family member what? Is the correct answer: person barbara002?	Context: barbara002 has spouse former president george h w  bush;former president george h w  bush has spouse barbara002;barbara002 has family member former president george h w  bush
0.9912109375	Question: music song manhattan mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: programming language the new?	Context: manhattan arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york subpart of new york;the new mutual proxy for new york
0.96484375	Question: state or province ohio super part of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization reynoldsburg?	Context: columbus city capital of state ohio;columbus city capital of state ohio;reynoldsburg at location ohio
0.953356146812439	Question: writer rupert murdoch person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: politics blog news international?	Context: news corp organization has person rupert murdoch;news corp organization has person rupert murdoch;news international organization has person rupert murdoch
0.96484375	Question: sports team miami dolphins team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team cleveland browns?	Context: miami dolphins team plays in city philadelphia;new york giants team plays in city philadelphia;cleveland browns team plays against team new york giants
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue pnc park stadium home team what? Is the correct answer: sports team pittsburgh pirates?	Context: pittsburgh pirates team home stadium pnc park;pittsburgh pirates team home stadium pnc park;pittsburgh pirates team home stadium pnc park
0.4375	Question: television station whlt television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs television company affiliate whlt;wiat television station affiliated with cnn  pbs;wiat television station affiliated with cnn  pbs
1.0	Question: television station wtvr tv television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs television company affiliate wtvr tv;wtvy television station affiliated with cnn  pbs;wtvy television station affiliated with cnn  pbs
0.4375	Question: vertebrate news agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: model vanity fair?	Context: journal agent competes with agent news;journal agent competes with agent news;vanity fair agent competes with agent news
0.859375	Question: organization host geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states state located in geo-political location host;states state located in geo-political location foreign countries;states state located in geo-political location foreign countries
0.9656171202659607	Question: radio station wotv subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: abc superpart of organization wotv;abc superpart of organization khbs;abc superpart of organization khbs
1.0	Question: country kenya geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: kenya arthropod that feeds on insect united states;nevada state located in geo-political location united states;states state located in geo-political location nevada
1.0	Question: bank deutsche bank organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO josef ackermann?	Context: deutsche bank organization has person josef ackermann;deutsche bank controlled by agent josef ackermann;deutsche bank organization has person josef ackermann
0.4375	Question: insect insects animal that feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: insect pest insects?	Context: bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;pest insects inverse of animal feed on insect insects
0.4375	Question: person - Australia kareem abdul jabbar synonym for what? Is the correct answer: coach lew alcindor?	Context: lew alcindor synonym for kareem abdul jabbar;lew alcindor synonym for kareem abdul jabbar;lew alcindor synonym for kareem abdul jabbar
0.9912109375	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city benton?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent national;d c  location acted in by agent national;benton location acted in by agent national
0.9912109375	Question: city lake arrowhead mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: lake arrowhead arthropod that feeds on insect windsor;windsor mutual proxy for ontario;california mutual proxy for ontario
0.4375	Question: company sun competes with what? Is the correct answer: company fujitsu?	Context: sun arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect fujitsu
0.4375	Question: television station kstr tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location ind?	Context: ind super part of kstr tv;ind super part of ktsf tv;ind super part of ktsf tv
0.859375	Question: county leesville located at what? Is the correct answer: visual art movement american?	Context: leesville arthropod that feeds on insect new;new at location miami;american at location miami
0.4375	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company coulter?	Context: search agent competes with agent contact;search agent competes with agent contact;coulter agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: sports team rhode island rams agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Mexico) ncaa?	Context: ncaa agent collaborates with agent rhode island rams;ncaa agent collaborates with agent iowa state cyclones;ncaa agent collaborates with agent iowa state cyclones
0.71875	Question: country martinique country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: country countries?	Context: martinique arthropod that feeds on insect states;states geopolitical location contains country european states;countries geopolitical location contains country european states
0.71875	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city bellwood?	Context: texas location acted in by agent american;texas location acted in by agent national;bellwood location acted in by agent national
0.99945068359375	Question: politics blog huffington post acquired by what? Is the correct answer: company aol video?	Context: huffington post arthropod that feeds on insect america online;america online acquired netscape;aol video acquired netscape
1.0	Question: radio station wpkn competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication post?	Context: wpkn arthropod that feeds on insect fox news;fox news competes with washington;post competes with washington
0.9999994039535522	Question: country guinea mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for guinea;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.71875	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: state or province volunteer?	Context: bangkok at date n2005;bangkok at date n2007;volunteer at date n2007
0.9428548216819763	Question: city brno location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country czech republic?	Context: czech republic location contains location brno;czech republic geopolitical location contains city prague;czech republic geopolitical location contains city prague
0.71875	Question: music album life at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1966?	Context: n2005 date of life;n2005 date of father;n1966 date of father
0.4375	Question: personal care item brush proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province colorado?	Context: brush arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of n2004;colorado proxy of n2004
1.0	Question: sports team pittsburg state gorillas team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams pittsburg state gorillas;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
1.0	Question: company embarq agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: newspaper centurytel?	Context: centurytel agent collaborates with agent embarq;centurytel agent collaborates with agent embarq;centurytel agent collaborates with agent embarq
1.0	Question: weather phenomenon new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: music album culture?	Context: power proxy for new;power proxy for new;culture proxy for new
0.4375	Question: radio station wkrg agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wkrg;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wtvy;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wtvy
0.4375	Question: athlete ben roethlisberger teammate what? Is the correct answer: athlete ryan?	Context: ryan teammate ben roethlisberger;eli manning teammate ryan;ryan teammate eli manning
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue rbc center stadium home to league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nhl?	Context: nhl league stadiums rbc center;nhl agent controls rangers;nhl agent controls rangers
1.0	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing sweat pants?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing top;sweat pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.96484375	Question: website chicago tribune competes with what? Is the correct answer: blog herald?	Context: chicago tribune arthropod that feeds on insect times newspapers;times newspapers agent competes with agent washington;herald competes with washington
0.71875	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city lafayette?	Context: texas location acted in by agent american;texas location acted in by agent national;lafayette location acted in by agent national
1.0	Question: retail store sam walton mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: shopping mall wal mart?	Context: wal mart mutual proxy for sam walton;wal mart proxy of lee scott;wal mart proxy of lee scott
0.9978039860725403	Question: publication nbc universal agent controls what? Is the correct answer: radio station wthr?	Context: bob wright controlled by agent nbc universal;bob wright controlled by agent nbc universal;wthr controlled by agent nbc universal
0.990960419178009	Question: county fox organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company kabb?	Context: brit hume agent belongs to organization fox;brit hume agent belongs to organization fox;kabb agent belongs to organization fox
1.0	Question: city new york city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: company american express?	Context: post organization headquartered in city new york;post organization headquartered in city new york;american express organization headquartered in city new york
0.859375	Question: sports team redskins agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team chicago bears in super bowl xli?	Context: redskins agent competes with agent new york giants;chicago bears in super bowl xli agent competes with agent new york giants
0.859375	Question: clothing shirts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing sweater vests?	Context: pants clothing to go with clothing shirts;sweater vests clothing to go with clothing pants
0.859375	Question: professor david brody agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company cbn?	Context: cbn agent collaborates with agent david brody;cbn agent collaborates with agent david brody;cbn agent collaborates with agent david brody
0.71875	Question: body part lining subpart of what? Is the correct answer: website blood?	Context: blood super part of lining;blood super part of heart muscle;blood super part of heart muscle
0.4375	Question: politician - US jobs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Canada) beauty?	Context: jobs works for apple;apple organization has person jobs;beauty agent collaborates with agent jobs
0.9912109375	Question: room gift mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for gift;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
1.0	Question: profession meetings mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for meetings;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.9912109375	Question: university college school graduated person what? Is the correct answer: person carter?	Context: david person graduated school college;state university school attended by person david;carter person attends school state university
0.96484375	Question: sports league ncaa agent controls what? Is the correct answer: sports team oregon ducks?	Context: oregon ducks controlled by agent ncaa;oregon ducks controlled by agent ncaa;oregon ducks controlled by agent ncaa
0.4375	Question: sports league mlb superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team miami marlins?	Context: louis cardinals team plays in league mlb;mlb league teams louis cardinals;miami marlins team plays in league mlb
0.4375	Question: state or province states location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province colorado?	Context: south east asian countries geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location south east asian countries;colorado location contains location states
0.859375	Question: city fort lauderdale at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2008?	Context: fort lauderdale city attractions bank atlantic center;bank atlantic center attraction of city fort lauderdale;n2008 date of fort lauderdale
0.4375	Question: physics term n3 9 percent proxy for what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon new?	Context: new proxy of n3 9 percent;new proxy of power;new proxy of power
0.99560546875	Question: hotel york location of person birth what? Is the correct answer: person melissa?	Context: adams person born in location york;adams person born in location york;melissa person born in location york
0.9912109375	Question: newspaper wgme tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wgme tv;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wbtw;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wbtw
1.0	Question: economic sector insurance economic sector company what? Is the correct answer: company canada?	Context: insurance arthropod that feeds on insect facebook;facebook competes with twitter;canada competes with twitter
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geometric shape judges?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 proxy for new;judges proxy for new
0.99945068359375	Question: island christmas island country capital what? Is the correct answer: city christmas island?	Context: christmas island city capital of country christmas island;christmas island city capital of country christmas island;christmas island city capital of country christmas island
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: research project pilot project?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;pilot project subpart of water
1.0	Question: city vegas city contains building what? Is the correct answer: airport airports?	Context: vegas city stadiums mgm grand garden arena;vegas city stadiums mgm grand garden arena;airports building located in city vegas
1.0	Question: state or province california mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization carmel by the sea?	Context: bay city located in state california;california state contains city bay;carmel by the sea mutual proxy for california
0.4375	Question: country us country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country malaysia?	Context: malaysia country also known as us;malaysia country cities malaysia;malaysia country cities malaysia
0.859375	Question: city strasbourg at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: strasbourg arthropod that feeds on insect n2004;n2004 date of france france;n2006 date of france france
1.0	Question: male illinois agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: illinois arthropod that feeds on insect usc;usc agent competes with agent ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa midwest regionals agent competes with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.4375	Question: card game board mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: professional organization medical society?	Context: institute synonym for board;institute synonym for board;medical society mutual proxy for board
0.859375	Question: date literal n2008 date of what? Is the correct answer: ML algorithm sons?	Context: n2008 proxy for new;sons mutual proxy for new
0.99560546875	Question: city crystal lake city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: crystal lake proxy for illinois;illinois state contains city saint louis;illinois state contains city saint louis
0.4375	Question: clothing dress shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing skirts?	Context: hat clothing to go with clothing dress shirt;grass inverse of clothing made from plant hat;skirts clothing made from plant grass
0.9999933838844299	Question: person richard bond person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company tyson?	Context: tyson organization hired person richard bond;richard bond top member of organization tyson;tyson organization hired person richard bond
0.4375	Question: sports equipment board synonym for what? Is the correct answer: organization farmers organization?	Context: committee synonym for board;committee synonym for board;farmers organization synonym for board
0.4375	Question: company delaware proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county new castle?	Context: k c  keeler works for delaware;k c  keeler works for delaware;delaware mutual proxy for new castle
0.4375	Question: sports team texas brownsville scorpions agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent texas brownsville scorpions;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals
0.4375	Question: book years at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province ne?	Context: bc located at years;bc located at years;ne located at years
0.4375	Question: river counties geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country pakistan?	Context: pakistan country located in geopolitical location counties;pakistan country cities islamabad;pakistan country cities islamabad
0.4375	Question: building feature change subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of change;water super part of pump;water super part of pump
0.9995352029800415	Question: company medical company economic sector what? Is the correct answer: economic sector insurance?	Context: insurance economic sector company medical;ontario company economic sector insurance;insurance economic sector company ontario
1.0	Question: city corinth mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city mississippi?	Context: mississippi located at corinth;mississippi geopolitical location contains city pearl;mississippi geopolitical location contains city pearl
0.71875	Question: politician - US jobs works for what? Is the correct answer: city design?	Context: microsoft worker jobs;microsoft worker jobs;design worker jobs
0.859375	Question: month august date of what? Is the correct answer: city holiday?	Context: place organization dissolved at date august;place organization dissolved at date august;holiday at date august
0.4375	Question: clothing light trousers clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shirts?	Context: light trousers arthropod that feeds on insect black pants;shirt clothing to go with clothing black pants;shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.9999917149543762	Question: country argentina country language what? Is the correct answer: language spanish?	Context: argentina country located in geopolitical location american countries;american countries geopolitical location contains country guatemala;spanish language of country guatemala
0.859375	Question: state or province california mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city springville?	Context: california geopolitical location contains city bay;california state contains city bay;springville mutual proxy for california
0.8105029463768005	Question: insect pests animal that feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: insect silverfish?	Context: mosquitoes inverse of arthropod called arthropod pests;mosquitoes inverse of arthropod called arthropod pests;silverfish inverse of animal feed on insect pests
0.4375	Question: agent years agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: transportation southeastern?	Context: northwest location acted in by agent years;northwest location acted in by agent years;southeastern location acted in by agent years
1.0	Question: city new york city has company office what? Is the correct answer: website publishers weekly?	Context: journal headquartered in new york;new york companies headquartered here journal;publishers weekly has office in city new york
0.9999979138374329	Question: insect insects animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect bees?	Context: bugs arthropod called arthropod insects;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;bees arthropod called arthropod insects
0.9976861476898193	Question: person (Europe) raleigh proxy for what? Is the correct answer: newspaper north carolina?	Context: raleigh arthropod that feeds on insect south carolina;south carolina proxy of greenville;north carolina proxy of greenville
1.0	Question: CEO james p  gorman person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company morgan stanley?	Context: morgan stanley organization hired person james p  gorman;morgan stanley organization has person james p  gorman;morgan stanley organization hired person james p  gorman
0.96484375	Question: professor fred smith agent controls what? Is the correct answer: bank federal express?	Context: federal express controlled by agent fred smith;federal express controlled by agent fred smith;federal express controlled by agent fred smith
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city forum?	Context: usa location contains location new;new location located within location usa;forum location contains location new
0.4375	Question: reptile feeders animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal larvae001?	Context: larvae001 animal predators feeders;larvae001 animal predators feeders;larvae001 animal predators feeders
1.0	Question: bank alcoa inc synonym for what? Is the correct answer: university aa?	Context: aa organization also known as alcoa inc;aa organization also known as alcoa inc;aa organization also known as alcoa inc
0.4375	Question: sports team alabama a and m bulldogs subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: alabama a and m bulldogs arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina
0.859375	Question: sports team devil rays team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: organization blue jays?	Context: devil rays subpart of organization mlb;mlb agent controls red sox;blue jays team plays against team red sox
0.859375	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: country uganda?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent national;national has office in city d c ;national bank bank in country uganda
0.859375	Question: politician - US john hiatt agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city john?	Context: john agent collaborates with agent john hiatt;john agent collaborates with agent richard nixon;john agent collaborates with agent richard nixon
0.4375	Question: state or province kentucky mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city burnside?	Context: kentucky geopolitical location contains city ashland;kentucky geopolitical location contains city ashland;burnside mutual proxy for kentucky
1.0	Question: university college university has academic program what? Is the correct answer: academic field media studies?	Context: counseling academic program at university college;counseling academic program at university college;media studies academic program at university college
1.0	Question: sports team rutgers scarlet knights team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams rutgers scarlet knights;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
1.0	Question: person page agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: university google?	Context: page arthropod that feeds on insect eric schmidt;eric schmidt agent collaborates with agent jobs;google agent collaborates with agent jobs
1.0	Question: television station wilkes barre scranton agent controls what? Is the correct answer: scientist tom leighton?	Context: tom leighton controlled by agent wilkes barre scranton;tom leighton works for wilkes barre;tom leighton controlled by agent wilkes barre
1.0	Question: CEO douglas r  conant agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city campbell?	Context: campbell soup organization has agent douglas r  conant;campbell soup organization has agent douglas r  conant;campbell organization has agent douglas r  conant
0.859375	Question: socio-political secretary synonym for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location support?	Context: office synonym for secretary;office synonym for secretary;support synonym for secretary
1.0	Question: bank general motors acceptance corporation synonym for what? Is the correct answer: vehicle gm daewoo?	Context: roger smith person terminated by organization general motors acceptance corporation;roger smith person terminated by organization general motors corp;gm daewoo synonym for general motors corp
1.0	Question: clothing baggy shorts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object shirt?	Context: baggy shorts arthropod that feeds on insect shorts;top clothing to go with clothing shorts;shirt clothing to go with clothing top
0.9999992251396179	Question: person - US rudy guiliani at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: new york located at rudy guiliani;new york located at new york
1.0	Question: bank deutsche bank worker what? Is the correct answer: CEO josef ackermann?	Context: josef ackermann person belongs to organization deutsche bank;josef ackermann works for deutsche bank;josef ackermann works for deutsche bank
0.4375	Question: biotech company oracle agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US ellison?	Context: larry ellison person belongs to organization oracle;larry ellison works for oracle;ellison agent collaborates with agent oracle
0.4375	Question: product information services synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: information services arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect office
0.9995304942131042	Question: city nokia agent controls what? Is the correct answer: CEO jorma ollila?	Context: jorma ollila controlled by agent nokia;nokia controlled by agent jorma ollila;jorma ollila controlled by agent nokia
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location sudan country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country pakistan?	Context: republic country also known as sudan;pakistan country also known as republic
0.859375	Question: visualizable thing skin subpart of what? Is the correct answer: nerve lymph?	Context: lymph super part of skin;lymph super part of body;lymph super part of body
0.859375	Question: sports team new york mets organization has person what? Is the correct answer: person (Asia) mike pelfrey?	Context: david wright athlete led sports team new york mets;david wright athlete led sports team new york mets;mike pelfrey person belongs to organization new york mets
0.9999822974205017	Question: street short drive proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: short drive mutual proxy for new;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: city palm beach?	Context: united states location contains location new;new location located within location united states;palm beach location contains location new
0.982421875	Question: country democratic republic of congo geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: democratic republic of congo arthropod that feeds on insect united states;nevada state located in geo-political location united states;states state located in geo-political location nevada
0.4375	Question: politician obama agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: city internet?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;internet agent collaborates with agent obama
1.0	Question: academic field system subpart of what? Is the correct answer: creative work art air?	Context: facilities super part of system;facilities super part of system;art air super part of system
0.4375	Question: city melbourne city hotels what? Is the correct answer: company crown business?	Context: crown business hotel in city melbourne;crown business hotel in city melbourne;crown business hotel in city melbourne
0.4375	Question: city crystal lake mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: illinois mutual proxy for crystal lake;ron turner person belongs to organization illinois;ron turner person belongs to organization illinois
0.4375	Question: company commercial air super part of what? Is the correct answer: city units?	Context: systems subpart of commercial air;systems subpart of commercial air;units subpart of commercial air
0.4375	Question: blog ctv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Europe) tom clark?	Context: kris abel agent collaborates with agent ctv;kris abel agent collaborates with agent ctv;tom clark works for ctv
0.859375	Question: clothing shoes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing blue shirt?	Context: boots clothing to go with clothing shoes;blue shirt clothing to go with clothing boots
1.0	Question: bank wells fargo bank bought bank what? Is the correct answer: bank wachovia?	Context: wachovia inverse of bank bought bank wells fargo;wachovia acquired by citigroup;wachovia inverse of bank bought bank citigroup
0.71875	Question: television station kfor subpart of what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal super part of kfor;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal super part of bob wright
1.0	Question: company starbucks company CEO what? Is the correct answer: CEO howard schultz?	Context: howard schultz person leads organization starbucks;howard schultz top member of organization starbucks coffee company;howard schultz person leads organization starbucks coffee company
1.0	Question: clothing gloves clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hat?	Context: socks clothing to go with clothing gloves;hat clothing to go with clothing socks
1.0	Question: city abc organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company wdio?	Context: john stossel agent belongs to organization abc;john stossel agent belongs to organization abc;wdio agent belongs to organization abc
0.4375	Question: beach seal beach location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist american?	Context: american agent acts in location seal beach;american agent acts in location bedford;american agent acts in location bedford
0.96484375	Question: music song mercedes benz mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: CEO dieter zetsche?	Context: dieter zetsche mutual proxy for mercedes benz;dieter zetsche controlled by agent daimler ag;dieter zetsche mutual proxy for daimler ag
0.4375	Question: country zambia country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country tanzania?	Context: uganda country also known as zambia;african countries country also known as uganda;tanzania country also known as african countries
0.4375	Question: sports team chicago bulls agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team hawks los angeles lakers vs?	Context: chicago bulls team plays in league nba;knicks agent belongs to organization nba;hawks los angeles lakers vs agent competes with agent knicks
0.9372105598449707	Question: city newark city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company continental express?	Context: cory booker person leads geopolitical organization newark;cory booker person leads organization newark;continental express has office in city newark
1.0	Question: country morocco country cities what? Is the correct answer: city casablanca?	Context: rabat city located in country morocco;rabat city located in country morocco;casablanca city located in country morocco
0.9999998211860657	Question: sports league nba league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team bucks county community college?	Context: knicks subpart of nba;knicks subpart of nba;nba superpart of organization bucks county community college
0.9990034699440002	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: visualizable scene tri state area?	Context: united states located at new;new location located within location united states;tri state area located at new
0.9999999403953552	Question: city fresno located at what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue chukchansi park?	Context: kfsn television station in city fresno;kfsn television station in city fresno;chukchansi park at location fresno
1.0	Question: sports team chicago bulls team home stadium what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue united center?	Context: united center stadium home team chicago bulls;united center stadium home team chicago bulls;united center stadium home team chicago bulls
1.0	Question: government organization usps organization headquartered in country what? Is the correct answer: country us?	Context: us country of organization headquarters usps;rate organization headquartered in country us;us country of organization headquarters rate
0.9296875	Question: city aspen at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province colorado?	Context: colorado located at aspen;colorado geopolitical location contains city denver;colorado geopolitical location contains city denver
1.0	Question: city beaumont inverse of automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker nissan?	Context: beaumont mutual proxy for california;california geopolitical location contains city san diego;nissan automobile maker dealers in city san diego
0.859375	Question: clothing jacket clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing black pants?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket;black pants clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.992310106754303	Question: city ohio located at what? Is the correct answer: radio station lancaster?	Context: ohio arthropod that feeds on insect new castle;new castle at location pennsylvania;lancaster at location pennsylvania
0.71875	Question: state or province points proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: points proxy for new;east proxy for new;east proxy for new
1.0	Question: blog form agent created what? Is the correct answer: website email?	Context: link created by agent form;email created by agent link
1.0	Question: company wrcb tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal super part of wrcb tv;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal super part of bob wright
0.9999855756759644	Question: mammal rodents animal predators what? Is the correct answer: insect pests?	Context: rodents arthropod that feeds on insect flies;insects animal preys on flies;pests animal preys on insects
0.9296875	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: sports game league?	Context: bangkok at date n2005;bangkok at date n2006;league at date n2006
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location national bank bank in country what? Is the correct answer: country albania?	Context: national has office in country spain;national has office in country spain;albania inverse of bank bank in country national
0.9999991059303284	Question: politician gregor robertson agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city vancouver?	Context: vancouver organization has agent gregor robertson;gregor robertson person leads geopolitical organization vancouver;vancouver organization has agent gregor robertson
0.9999997019767761	Question: clothing shorts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing tank top?	Context: shorts arthropod that feeds on insect jeans;hat clothing to go with clothing jeans;tank top clothing to go with clothing hat
0.71875	Question: city texas proxy of what? Is the correct answer: music song galveston?	Context: texas arthropod that feeds on insect virginia;new mutual proxy for virginia;galveston proxy for new
0.9999986886978149	Question: insect insects animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect flies?	Context: insects arthropod and other arthropod midges;flies inverse of animal such as invertebrate midges
0.859375	Question: country america country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country wales?	Context: republic country also known as america;wales country also known as republic
0.859375	Question: blog l a  weekly competes with what? Is the correct answer: company new york?	Context: l a  weekly arthropod that feeds on insect daily mirror;daily mirror competes with telegraph001;new york competes with telegraph001
1.0	Question: sports team baltimore colts in super bowl iii team plays in city what? Is the correct answer: city indianapolis?	Context: indianapolis city sports teams baltimore colts in super bowl iii;indianapolis city sports teams colts;indianapolis city sports teams colts
0.4375	Question: company daily candy001 competes with what? Is the correct answer: company new york?	Context: daily candy001 arthropod that feeds on insect daily mirror;daily mirror competes with telegraph001;new york competes with telegraph001
0.9895862936973572	Question: geopolitical organization maine mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: river presque isle?	Context: portland subpart of maine;portland subpart of maine;presque isle proxy for maine
0.4375	Question: organization object management group synonym for what? Is the correct answer: programming language uml?	Context: uml synonym for object management group;uml synonym for object management group;uml synonym for object management group
0.71875	Question: country ireland location contains location what? Is the correct answer: city galway?	Context: galway location located within location ireland;galway location located within location ireland;galway location located within location ireland
0.4375	Question: website worldnetdaily  com competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication washington?	Context: washington competes with worldnetdaily  com;washington competes with washington post;washington competes with washington post
0.9999998211860657	Question: city adelaide city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province south australia?	Context: south australia state contains city adelaide;south australia state contains city adelaide;south australia state contains city adelaide
0.859375	Question: country countries geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country san marino?	Context: soviet union country located in geopolitical location countries;countries geopolitical location contains country soviet union;san marino country located in geopolitical location countries
0.998397171497345	Question: county emeryville subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california super part of emeryville;california super part of la;california super part of la
0.4375	Question: sports team twins agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: athlete bonser?	Context: dmitri young athlete led sports team twins;dmitri young athlete led sports team twins;bonser agent collaborates with agent twins
0.4375	Question: athlete ind agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company wmmf tv?	Context: wjxt controlled by agent ind;wjxt agent collaborates with agent ind;wmmf tv agent collaborates with agent ind
1.0	Question: company envirocare of utah synonym for what? Is the correct answer: company energysolutions?	Context: energysolutions synonym for envirocare of utah;energysolutions synonym for envirocare of utah;energysolutions synonym for envirocare of utah
0.9999999403953552	Question: country u s  mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: d c  mutual proxy for u s ;dc geopolitical location contains city d c ;new mutual proxy for dc
0.96484375	Question: sports team new york giants team also known as what? Is the correct answer: sports team chicago cardinals?	Context: eagles team also known as new york giants;chicago cardinals team also known as eagles
1.0	Question: country usa geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province pennsylvania?	Context: nevada state located in country usa;nevada state located in country usa;pennsylvania state located in geo-political location usa
0.4375	Question: coach raheem morris agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team tampa bay bucs?	Context: raheem morris works for tampa;tampa organization has agent jon gruden;tampa bay bucs organization has agent jon gruden
1.0	Question: city taipei city located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: city taiwan?	Context: taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei;taiwan geopolitical location contains city taipei
0.96484375	Question: landscape features battle location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new location located within location battle;new proxy of columbia;new proxy of columbia
0.859375	Question: stadium or event venue borgata casino event center proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county atlantic city?	Context: atlantic city proxy for borgata casino event center;atlantic city proxy for borgata casino event center;atlantic city proxy for borgata casino event center
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) adrian gonzalez agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york giants?	Context: new york giants agent collaborates with agent adrian gonzalez;eli manning athlete led sports team new york giants;eli manning athlete led sports team new york giants
0.982421875	Question: person christians agent participated in event what? Is the correct answer: event outcome result?	Context: result event has participant agent christians;result event has participant agent creatures;result event has participant agent creatures
1.0	Question: city cedar knolls mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: cedar knolls arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new jersey proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team umass minutemen mens basketball?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky;kentucky subpart of ncaa midwest regionals;umass minutemen mens basketball agent competes with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.9999999403953552	Question: city ohio mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: radio station lima?	Context: ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;lima mutual proxy for ohio
0.71875	Question: city madrid agent controls what? Is the correct answer: person ronaldo?	Context: ronaldo controlled by agent madrid;ronaldo controlled by agent real madrid;ronaldo controlled by agent real madrid
0.71875	Question: athlete ind agent controls what? Is the correct answer: television station whky tv?	Context: wjxt controlled by agent ind;wjxt controlled by agent ind;whky tv controlled by agent ind
1.0	Question: CEO chang yung fa super part of what? Is the correct answer: bank evergreen?	Context: evergreen subpart of chang yung fa;evergreen subpart of chang yung fa;evergreen subpart of chang yung fa
0.859375	Question: sports team vols team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team georgia bulldogs?	Context: florida gators team plays against team vols;georgia bulldogs team plays against team florida gators
0.9933762550354004	Question: insect bugs animal predators what? Is the correct answer: insect insects?	Context: bugs animal preys on bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;insects animal preys on insects
1.0	Question: sport baseball sport team what? Is the correct answer: sports team washington nationals?	Context: red sox team plays sport baseball;baseball sport team red sox;washington nationals team plays sport baseball
0.4375	Question: athlete steve agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league american hockey league?	Context: american hockey league agent collaborates with agent steve;american hockey league agent collaborates with agent steve;american hockey league agent collaborates with agent steve
1.0	Question: city chicago south city hotels what? Is the correct answer: hotel omni?	Context: the blackstone hotel hotel in city chicago south;the blackstone hotel hotel in city chicago south;omni hotel in city chicago south
0.859375	Question: company new york competes with what? Is the correct answer: company nbc  s today show?	Context: new york organization led by person michael bloomberg;new york organization led by person michael bloomberg;nbc  s today show competes with new york
1.0	Question: state or province iowa state located in country what? Is the correct answer: country united states?	Context: united states country states iowa;united states country cities d c ;d c  city located in country united states
0.9845765233039856	Question: language english language of country what? Is the correct answer: country colombia?	Context: united states country language english;united states country language english;colombia country language english
0.4375	Question: coach michigan state spartans subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: michigan state spartans arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals super part of kentucky;ncaa midwest regionals super part of kentucky
0.4375	Question: music artist apollo synonym for what? Is the correct answer: music artist air?	Context: air synonym for apollo;air synonym for apollo;air synonym for apollo
1.0	Question: university national at location what? Is the correct answer: city norwalk?	Context: national agent acts in location states;states location acted in by agent national;norwalk located at national
1.0	Question: company verizon001 organization led by person what? Is the correct answer: CEO lowell mcadam?	Context: lowell mcadam person leads organization verizon001;lowell mcadam person leads organization verizon001;lowell mcadam person leads organization verizon001
0.4375	Question: clothing track pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing top?	Context: track pants arthropod that feeds on insect trousers;shirt clothing to go with clothing trousers;top clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.859375	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist gretchen carlson?	Context: white person hired by organization fox;european union organization hired person white;european union arthropod that feeds on insect gretchen carlson
0.4375	Question: clothing dress shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing suit?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing dress shirt;hat clothing to go with clothing shirt;suit clothing to go with clothing hat
1.0	Question: CEO craig barrett agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company intel?	Context: intel organization has agent craig barrett;intel organization has agent paul otellini;intel organization has agent paul otellini
1.0	Question: city sacramento city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: television station kmax tv?	Context: kcra organization headquartered in city sacramento;kcra television station in city sacramento;kmax tv organization headquartered in city sacramento
0.71875	Question: perception action hearings at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: n2007 date of hearings;n2007 date of u s ;n2006 date of u s 
0.859375	Question: person leander kahney agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: blog wired?	Context: wired agent collaborates with agent leander kahney;wired agent collaborates with agent chris anderson;wired agent collaborates with agent chris anderson
0.859375	Question: non-governmental organization national conference at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2005?	Context: national conference arthropod that feeds on insect n2008;n2008 date of state;n2005 date of state
1.0	Question: country american countries geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country nicaragua?	Context: nicaragua country located in geopolitical location american countries;nicaragua country capital managua;nicaragua country cities managua
0.859375	Question: musician peter furler agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: musician newsboys?	Context: newsboys agent collaborates with agent peter furler;newsboys agent collaborates with agent peter furler;newsboys agent collaborates with agent peter furler
0.7900768518447876	Question: state or province michigan location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location east lansing?	Context: michigan geopolitical location contains city east lansing;michigan geopolitical location contains city east lansing;michigan geopolitical location contains city east lansing
0.9986956119537354	Question: company ksnf agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal agent controls ksnf;nbc universal organization has agent bob wright;nbc universal organization has agent bob wright
0.4375	Question: beverage arizona subpart of what? Is the correct answer: country usa?	Context: usa super part of arizona;usa super part of tennessee;usa super part of tennessee
0.96484375	Question: book change at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: change arthropod that feeds on insect n2008;n2008 date of article;n2007 date of article
0.4375	Question: state or province michigan located at what? Is the correct answer: city brighton?	Context: michigan arthropod that feeds on insect minneapolis;minneapolis at location minnesota;brighton at location minnesota
0.4375	Question: building feature american at location what? Is the correct answer: shopping mall clackamas?	Context: santa ana located at american;santa ana located at american;clackamas located at american
0.859375	Question: date n2004 date of what? Is the correct answer: person - Australia guardian?	Context: n2004 arthropod that feeds on insect baghdad;baghdad at date n2003;guardian at date n2003
0.859375	Question: date literal n2008 date of what? Is the correct answer: male chile?	Context: bangkok at date n2008;bangkok at date n2007;chile at date n2007
0.9994832277297974	Question: city d c  proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county seattle?	Context: new subpart of d c ;seattle proxy for new
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: company globe?	Context: york city located at new;york city location of person birth bill;globe organization has agent bill
0.859375	Question: retail store setup at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2008?	Context: n2008 date of setup;n2008 date of new;n2008 date of new
0.991368293762207	Question: animal animals003 specialization of what? Is the correct answer: reptile mice?	Context: pets001 generalization of animals003;pets001 generalization of animals003;mice generalization of animals003
1.0	Question: mammal giraffes animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: giraffes arthropod that feeds on insect dogs;dogs animal is type of animal cats;creatures animal is type of animal cats
0.859375	Question: journalist jeff jacobs journalist writes for publication what? Is the correct answer: politics blog hartford courant?	Context: hartford courant publication journalist jeff jacobs;hartford courant publication journalist jeff jacobs;hartford courant publication journalist jeff jacobs
0.96484375	Question: political office new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: parlour game n1 hour?	Context: minutes proxy for new;minutes proxy for new;n1 hour proxy for new
1.0	Question: event outcome report at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1991?	Context: n2001 date of report;n2001 date of state;n1991 date of state
0.71875	Question: animal creatures animal predators what? Is the correct answer: insect cockroaches?	Context: bees animal preys on creatures;bees inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;cockroaches animal preys on insects
0.859375	Question: clothing shoes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing lace?	Context: jeans clothing to go with clothing shoes;lace clothing to go with clothing jeans
1.0	Question: male jfk person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: street house?	Context: house organization has person jfk;house organization has person john mccain;house organization has person john mccain
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon air super part of what? Is the correct answer: ML area opinion?	Context: state subpart of air;state subpart of air;opinion subpart of air
0.4375	Question: county fox superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company kvhp?	Context: kvct controlled by agent fox;kvct controlled by agent fox;kvhp subpart of organization fox
0.4375	Question: port port clinton proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city ohio?	Context: ohio proxy of port clinton;ohio proxy of n2002;ohio proxy of n2002
0.859375	Question: politics issue programs at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2004?	Context: n2004 date of programs;n2004 date of wednesday;n2004 date of wednesday
0.9912109375	Question: journalist ken auletta agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new yorker?	Context: new yorker agent collaborates with agent ken auletta;new yorker agent collaborates with agent ken auletta;new yorker agent collaborates with agent ken auletta
0.859375	Question: sports team oakland raiders agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ex pittsburgh steelers?	Context: kiffin coach's team oakland raiders;kiffin coach's team oakland raiders;ex pittsburgh steelers agent competes with agent oakland raiders
1.0	Question: city georgia location located within location what? Is the correct answer: country usa?	Context: georgia geopolitical location contains city atlanta;georgia geopolitical location contains city atlanta;usa location contains location georgia
1.0	Question: politician obama agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: government organization house?	Context: obama person belongs to organization house;house organization has agent clinton;house organization has agent clinton
1.0	Question: sports team texas tech red raiders team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams texas tech red raiders;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
0.4375	Question: person virginia proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province minnesota?	Context: minnesota proxy of virginia;minnesota proxy of plymouth;minnesota proxy of plymouth
1.0	Question: CEO james hackett person terminated by organization what? Is the correct answer: company anadarko petroleum?	Context: anadarko petroleum organization terminated person james hackett;anadarko petroleum organization terminated person james hackett;anadarko petroleum organization terminated person james hackett
1.0	Question: city patna city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province bihar?	Context: bihar state has capital patna;bihar state contains city gaya;bihar state contains city gaya
0.4375	Question: television network pbs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: company wljt tv?	Context: kera tv agent belongs to organization pbs;kera tv agent belongs to organization pbs;wljt tv agent belongs to organization pbs
0.99945068359375	Question: country u s  country of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: city division?	Context: ministry organization headquartered in country u s ;ministry organization headquartered in country u s ;division organization headquartered in country u s 
0.4375	Question: company clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: newspaper new york post?	Context: father agent collaborates with agent clinton;father agent collaborates with agent clinton;new york post agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.4375	Question: monarch property agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: mammal cats?	Context: property agent participated in event result;animals001 agent participated in event result;cats agent competes with agent animals001
0.71875	Question: weather phenomenon air super part of what? Is the correct answer: room times?	Context: state subpart of air;state subpart of air;times subpart of air
1.0	Question: geopolitical organization asia geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location turkmenistan?	Context: turkmenistan country located in geopolitical location asia;turkmenistan country capital ashgabat;turkmenistan country cities ashgabat
0.4375	Question: game score n4 5 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: room new?	Context: new mutual proxy for n4 5;new proxy of attorney general;new proxy of attorney general
0.4375	Question: sports team new york mets synonym for what? Is the correct answer: sports team diamondbacks?	Context: chicago cardinals agent competes with agent new york mets;chicago cardinals synonym for new york giants;diamondbacks synonym for new york giants
0.4375	Question: city units subpart of what? Is the correct answer: location home water?	Context: power super part of units;power super part of units;home water super part of units
0.859375	Question: profession politicians mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for politicians;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
1.0	Question: vegetable cabbage inverse of animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: mammal rabbits?	Context: cabbage arthropod that feeds on insect duck;duck animal eat vegetable carrots;rabbits animal eat vegetable carrots
0.9968889951705933	Question: television station kvbc subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal superpart of organization kvbc;nbc universal superpart of organization kplc;nbc universal superpart of organization kplc
0.859375	Question: CEO patricia woertz agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company adm?	Context: archer daniels midland agent collaborates with agent patricia woertz;archer daniels midland synonym for adm
0.71875	Question: mammal horses animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal farm animals?	Context: horses animal preys on horses;horses animal predators animals;farm animals animal predators animals
0.9999957084655762	Question: arthropod raccoons animal predators what? Is the correct answer: animal animals001?	Context: raccoons arthropod that feeds on insect spiders;animals001 animal preys on spiders;animals001 animal preys on animals001
0.71875	Question: weather phenomenon air super part of what? Is the correct answer: office item capacities?	Context: state subpart of air;state subpart of air;capacities subpart of air
0.4375	Question: city historic city mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for historic city;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
0.9999998807907104	Question: visualizable thing goleta location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: goleta arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of la;california location contains location la
1.0	Question: city omaha city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: company ketv tv?	Context: ketv tv television station in city omaha;ketv tv television station in city omaha;ketv tv organization headquartered in city omaha
0.4375	Question: city central coast mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: central coast arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: biotech company schering plough organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO fred hassan?	Context: fred hassan agent belongs to organization schering plough;fred hassan agent belongs to organization schering plough;fred hassan agent belongs to organization schering plough
0.4834878444671631	Question: politician mike person attends school what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: state university school attended by person mike;peter person attends school state university;state university school attended by person peter
1.0	Question: journalist ann killion works for what? Is the correct answer: website san jose mercury news?	Context: san jose mercury news publication journalist ann killion;ann killion journalist writes for publication san jose mercury news;ann killion journalist writes for publication san jose mercury news
0.859375	Question: state or province states state located in geo-political location what? Is the correct answer: city frankfurt?	Context: korea geopolitical location contains state states;korea geopolitical location contains state states;frankfurt geopolitical location contains state states
0.71875	Question: bank general electric agent controls what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: general electric organization led by person welch;welch works for ge;nbc universal controlled by agent ge
0.9242874383926392	Question: politician - US john sculley controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: company apple?	Context: apple agent controls john sculley;apple agent controls john sculley;apple agent controls john sculley
1.0	Question: company compaq subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: retail store hewlett packard co?	Context: hewlett packard co superpart of organization compaq;hewlett packard co superpart of organization compaq;hewlett packard co superpart of organization compaq
0.71875	Question: hotel sheraton gateway hotel in hotel in city what? Is the correct answer: city toronto?	Context: toronto city hotels sheraton gateway hotel in;toronto city hotels hotel le germain;toronto city hotels hotel le germain
0.4375	Question: television station wboc television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs television company affiliate wboc;wiat television station affiliated with cnn  pbs;wiat television station affiliated with cnn  pbs
0.4375	Question: transportation usps global priority competes with what? Is the correct answer: bank fedex 2 day?	Context: global priority competes with usps global priority;global priority competes with usps global priority;fedex 2 day competes with usps global priority
0.9296875	Question: CEO barry meyer controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: person (North America) warner bros?	Context: warner bros agent controls barry meyer;warner bros agent controls barry meyer;warner bros agent controls barry meyer
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: city fair oaks?	Context: sonoma at location california;california state contains city sonoma;fair oaks at location california
0.96484375	Question: country u s  country also known as what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location croatia?	Context: republic country also known as u s ;croatia country also known as republic
1.0	Question: state or province new hampshire mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city concord?	Context: new hampshire geopolitical location contains city manchester;new hampshire geopolitical location contains city manchester;concord subpart of new hampshire
0.859375	Question: clothing turtleneck clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing skirt?	Context: turtleneck clothing to go with clothing hat;hat clothing made from plant grass;grass inverse of clothing made from plant skirt
0.9943758249282837	Question: sports team maple leafs organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: coach al arbour?	Context: paul maurice person hired by organization maple leafs;paul maurice person hired by organization maple leafs;al arbour person hired by organization maple leafs
0.4375	Question: island big island mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province hilo?	Context: hilo mutual proxy for big island;hilo mutual proxy for big island;hilo mutual proxy for big island
0.4375	Question: sports league new worker what? Is the correct answer: coach pete carroll?	Context: pete carroll person belongs to organization new;pete carroll works for seattle seahawks 21 10;pete carroll works for seattle seahawks 21 10
0.96484375	Question: company commerce acquired by what? Is the correct answer: bank metropolitan?	Context: metropolitan acquired commerce;metropolitan acquired commerce;metropolitan acquired commerce
1.0	Question: sports team maryland mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for maryland;new proxy of usa;new mutual proxy for usa
0.859375	Question: mammal cats animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal small pets?	Context: diabetes inverse of animal develop disease cats;diabetes inverse of animal develop disease cats;cats animal is type of animal small pets
1.0	Question: county salt lake mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: journalist rocky anderson?	Context: ralph becker person leads geopolitical organization salt lake;ralph becker works for salt lake city;rocky anderson mutual proxy for salt lake city
0.9999930262565613	Question: city d c  located at what? Is the correct answer: county american university school of international service?	Context: d c  located at smithsonian;smithsonian at location dc;american university school of international service at location dc
0.9999978542327881	Question: retail store northeast location contains location what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states location located within location northeast;states location located within location moscow;states location located within location moscow
0.859375	Question: city clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US bill richardson?	Context: obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;bill richardson agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.71875	Question: state or province iowa located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization keokuk?	Context: des moines city capital of state iowa;iowa state has capital des moines;keokuk at location iowa
0.982421875	Question: year n1995 date of what? Is the correct answer: trade union congress?	Context: n1995 date of organization creation unaids;n1995 date of organization creation unaids;congress at date n1995
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue petco park stadium home to league what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: mlb league stadiums petco park;mlb agent controls yankees;mlb agent controls yankees
0.99945068359375	Question: university harvard university university operates in language what? Is the correct answer: language russian?	Context: slavic language of university harvard university;slavic language of university harvard university;russian language of university harvard university
0.859375	Question: county fox super part of what? Is the correct answer: company kvhp?	Context: brit hume subpart of fox;brit hume subpart of fox;kvhp subpart of fox
0.859375	Question: company sony001 agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US jobs?	Context: sony001 arthropod that feeds on insect bill gates;bill gates agent collaborates with agent obama;jobs agent collaborates with agent obama
0.96484375	Question: company clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company white house?	Context: clinton arthropod that feeds on insect kerry;mccain agent collaborates with agent kerry;white house agent collaborates with agent mccain
0.9999547600746155	Question: state or province states location represented by politician what? Is the correct answer: politician - US woodrow wilson?	Context: mccain politician represents location states;mccain politician represents location states;woodrow wilson politician represents location states
0.9999949932098389	Question: sports team white sox team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york mets?	Context: white sox arthropod that feeds on insect lt  joseph r  hunt;red sox organization has person lt  joseph r  hunt;new york mets team plays against team red sox
0.4375	Question: CEO ramalinga raju agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: professional organization nasscom?	Context: satyam computer services ltd agent collaborates with agent ramalinga raju;satyam computer services ltd agent collaborates with agent ramalinga raju;nasscom agent collaborates with agent ramalinga raju
0.982421875	Question: sports equipment board at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2004?	Context: n2004 date of board;n2004 date of wednesday;n2004 date of wednesday
0.4375	Question: sports team saint louis billikens agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent saint louis billikens;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.9962214231491089	Question: city georgia proxy of what? Is the correct answer: county dalton?	Context: vince dooley person terminated by organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;dalton proxy for georgia
0.9296875	Question: coach knute rockne person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: university notre dame?	Context: notre dame organization has person knute rockne;notre dame organization has person charlie weis;notre dame organization has person charlie weis
0.6718503832817078	Question: newspaper ktuu has office in city what? Is the correct answer: attraction anchorage?	Context: anchorage city has company office ktuu;anchorage city television station ktuu;anchorage city television station ktuu
0.71875	Question: female karzai agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: country afghanistan?	Context: afghanistan organization has agent karzai;afghanistan organization has agent karzai;afghanistan organization has agent karzai
0.4375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing gray trousers?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing top;gray trousers clothing to go with clothing shirt
1.0	Question: radio station jackson agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: comedian frank melton?	Context: frank melton person belongs to organization jackson;frank melton works for jackson;frank melton person belongs to organization jackson
0.6403163075447083	Question: state or province last year location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new location located within location last year;new proxy of columbia;new proxy of columbia
0.4375	Question: company siemens001 agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: CEO peter l scher?	Context: klaus kleinfeld agent collaborates with agent siemens001;klaus kleinfeld agent collaborates with agent siemens001;peter l scher agent collaborates with agent siemens001
0.9296875	Question: event outcome employment at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2008?	Context: n2008 date of employment;n2008 date of new;n2008 date of new
0.4375	Question: ethnic group same way mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for same way;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
0.71875	Question: city ohio located at what? Is the correct answer: city zanesville?	Context: ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;ohio geopolitical location contains city columbus ohio;zanesville at location ohio
0.9999828338623047	Question: country countries location contains location what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: countries arthropod that feeds on insect shanghai;shanghai location located within location china;states location located within location china
0.9999999403953552	Question: actor financial agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization times?	Context: times agent competes with agent financial;times organization has person brad stone;times organization has person brad stone
0.859375	Question: music artist policy subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: policy arthropod that feeds on insect communities;communities superpart of organization agencies;california superpart of organization agencies
0.4375	Question: agricultural product pigs agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal pets001?	Context: pigs arthropod that feeds on insect ducks;ducks agent competes with agent birds002;pets001 agent competes with agent birds002
0.859375	Question: academic field affairs synonym for what? Is the correct answer: job position provincial minister?	Context: office synonym for affairs;office synonym for services;provincial minister synonym for services
1.0	Question: insect insects animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: insect bed bugs?	Context: insects inverse of arthropod called arthropod bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod called arthropod insects;bed bugs inverse of animal such as invertebrate insects
0.4375	Question: job position holistic health counselor mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: political office association?	Context: association mutual proxy for holistic health counselor;association mutual proxy for national board;association mutual proxy for national board
1.0	Question: athlete ronny cedeno controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: bird blue jays?	Context: blue jays agent controls ronny cedeno;blue jays agent controls ronny cedeno;blue jays agent controls ronny cedeno
0.9999865293502808	Question: clothing top clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing baggy pants?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing top;hat clothing to go with clothing shirt;baggy pants clothing to go with clothing hat
0.859375	Question: government organization npr agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist journal?	Context: npr arthropod that feeds on insect usa today001;usa today001 agent competes with agent news;journal agent competes with agent news
1.0	Question: sports team european capitals subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nhl?	Context: nhl superpart of organization european capitals;nhl superpart of organization pittsburgh penguins;nhl superpart of organization pittsburgh penguins
0.859375	Question: product minister at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: minister at date n2008;n2008 date of state;n2002 date of state
1.0	Question: coach bob stoops works for what? Is the correct answer: state or province oklahoma?	Context: oklahoma worker bob stoops;oklahoma worker bob stoops;oklahoma worker bob stoops
1.0	Question: city fort smith at location what? Is the correct answer: city arkansas?	Context: arkansas mutual proxy for fort smith;arkansas geopolitical location contains city garland;arkansas geopolitical location contains city garland
0.859375	Question: company dell001 competes with what? Is the correct answer: company intel?	Context: michael dell CEO of dell001;michael dell CEO of dell001;intel competes with dell001
0.9975994229316711	Question: city los altos mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: los altos arthropod that feeds on insect ontario;ontario mutual proxy for windsor;california mutual proxy for windsor
1.0	Question: scientist tom leighton controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television station wilkes barre scranton?	Context: wilkes barre organization has agent tom leighton;tom leighton agent belongs to organization wilkes barre;wilkes barre scranton organization has agent tom leighton
0.4375	Question: date n1988 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province colorado?	Context: colorado mutual proxy for n1988;denver city capital of state colorado;denver city capital of state colorado
0.4375	Question: blog media bistro agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television station journalism?	Context: journalism agent collaborates with agent media bistro;journalism agent collaborates with agent media bistro;journalism agent collaborates with agent media bistro
0.9296875	Question: date n1972 date of what? Is the correct answer: island operations?	Context: n1972 arthropod that feeds on insect new;new at date n2008;operations at date n2008
0.71875	Question: stadium or event venue time warner cable arena stadium home to league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nba?	Context: nba league stadiums time warner cable arena;nba agent controls knicks;nba agent controls knicks
0.4375	Question: person bob harlan agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team packers?	Context: bob harlan person belongs to organization packers;packers organization has agent vince lombardi;packers organization has agent vince lombardi
0.859375	Question: professional organization council mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: building feature boards?	Context: board mutual proxy for council;board mutual proxy for council;boards mutual proxy for council
0.96484375	Question: emotion end mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: male chicago?	Context: chicago mutual proxy for end;chicago mutual proxy for bad cubs;chicago mutual proxy for bad cubs
0.4375	Question: company domestic priority competes with what? Is the correct answer: bank international priority mail?	Context: domestic priority arthropod that feeds on insect us;us agent competes with agent ups ground;international priority mail competes with ups ground
0.4375	Question: arthropod exotics agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal animals001?	Context: exotics arthropod that feeds on insect livestock;livestock agent competes with agent dogs;animals001 agent competes with agent dogs
0.9999997019767761	Question: city merced location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california location contains location merced;california geopolitical location contains city san diego;california geopolitical location contains city san diego
0.4375	Question: clothing brown shoes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing jacket?	Context: brown shoes arthropod that feeds on insect boots;hat clothing to go with clothing boots;jacket clothing to go with clothing hat
0.9999988675117493	Question: mammal animals animal predators what? Is the correct answer: animal equines?	Context: livestock animal preys on animals;animals animal preys on livestock;equines animal preys on animals
0.4375	Question: mammal answers agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate search?	Context: answers arthropod that feeds on insect humans;humans agent competes with agent animals001;search agent competes with agent animals001
1.0	Question: stadium or event venue united center stadium home to league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nba?	Context: nba league stadiums united center;nba agent controls washington wizards;nba agent controls washington wizards
0.71875	Question: country italy country cities what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location trapani?	Context: roma city located in country italy;roma city located in country italy;trapani city located in country italy
1.0	Question: clothing slacks clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object shirt?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing slacks;hat clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing hat
0.4375	Question: clothing red jacket clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing cap?	Context: red jacket arthropod that feeds on insect jacket;shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket;cap clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.859375	Question: sports team georgia bulldogs team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team bobcats?	Context: hawks los angeles lakers vs team plays against team georgia bulldogs;bobcats team plays against team hawks los angeles lakers vs
1.0	Question: biotech company nokia corp has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city espoo?	Context: nokia corp company CEO olli pekka kallasvuo;olli pekka kallasvuo person terminated by organization nokia siemens networks;espoo companies headquartered here nokia siemens networks
0.9999933838844299	Question: person julie gerberding person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company united states centers for disease prevention and control?	Context: united states centers for disease prevention and control organization has person julie gerberding;julie gerberding top member of organization united states centers for disease prevention and control;united states centers for disease prevention and control organization has person julie gerberding
0.4375	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company khsd tv?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;khsd tv controlled by agent abc
0.71875	Question: state or province south dakota state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city rapid city?	Context: vermillion city located in state south dakota;south dakota state contains city vermillion;rapid city city located in state south dakota
0.96484375	Question: weather phenomenon air super part of what? Is the correct answer: bedroom item zones?	Context: state subpart of air;state subpart of air;zones subpart of air
0.4332382082939148	Question: animal invertebrates001 animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal animals003?	Context: animals003 animal type has animal invertebrates001;animals003 animal type has animal lion;animals003 animal type has animal lion
0.9999999403953552	Question: company fcc has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city washington   d   c  ?	Context: kevin martin person terminated by organization fcc;kevin martin person terminated by organization fcc;washington   d   c   city has company office fcc
0.859375	Question: CEO jeffrey r  immelt agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company ge?	Context: jeffrey r  immelt controlled by agent general electric;general electric agent collaborates with agent jeffrey immelt;ge agent collaborates with agent jeffrey immelt
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location zaragoza city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company ryanair?	Context: zaragoza location located within location spain;spain country capital madrid;ryanair has office in city madrid
0.96484375	Question: radio station kptm agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox organization has agent kptm;fox organization has agent brit hume;fox organization has agent brit hume
1.0	Question: company tjx companies company CEO what? Is the correct answer: CEO carol meyrowitz?	Context: carol meyrowitz CEO of tjx companies;carol meyrowitz CEO of tjx companies;carol meyrowitz CEO of tjx companies
0.71875	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: park forest park?	Context: annapolis location acted in by agent national;annapolis location acted in by agent american;forest park location acted in by agent american
0.997802734375	Question: city new york city attractions what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue metropolitan opera?	Context: carnegie hall  s weill recital hall attraction of city new york;carnegie hall  s weill recital hall attraction of city new york;metropolitan opera attraction of city new york
1.0	Question: city davis city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california state contains city davis;california state contains city sonoma;california state contains city sonoma
1.0	Question: CEO jim barksdale works for what? Is the correct answer: website netscape?	Context: jim barksdale top member of organization netscape;marc andreesen top member of organization netscape;netscape worker marc andreesen
0.9999998807907104	Question: bank firms proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new subpart of firms;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.9999994039535522	Question: state or province rhode island location contains location what? Is the correct answer: city portsmouth?	Context: rhode island geopolitical location contains city providence;rhode island geopolitical location contains city providence;portsmouth location located within location rhode island
0.4375	Question: mammal predators generalization of what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate home?	Context: home specialization of predators;home specialization of whales;home specialization of whales
1.0	Question: country south africa inverse of automobile maker dealers in country what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker toyota?	Context: south africa arthropod that feeds on insect ford001;ford001 has office in country canada;toyota automobile maker dealers in country canada
0.96484375	Question: weapon facilities subpart of what? Is the correct answer: music album power?	Context: facilities arthropod that feeds on insect schools;schools super part of systems;power super part of systems
0.96484375	Question: trade union article agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: country democratic republic of congo?	Context: resources agent competes with agent article;resources agent competes with agent article;democratic republic of congo agent competes with agent article
0.99560546875	Question: county los angeles ca city television station what? Is the correct answer: company kbeh tv?	Context: kaza television station in city los angeles ca;kaza television station in city los angeles ca;kbeh tv television station in city los angeles ca
0.8601370453834534	Question: mammal rabbits animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal small animals?	Context: rabbits arthropod that feeds on insect rats;rats animal is type of animal rodents;small animals animal is type of animal rodents
0.859375	Question: government organization affairs office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession associate?	Context: executive vice synonym for affairs office;executive vice synonym for relations;associate synonym for relations
0.4375	Question: politics issue studies synonym for what? Is the correct answer: city campus?	Context: studies arthropod that feeds on insect office;office synonym for affairs;campus synonym for affairs
0.9999927282333374	Question: professor nova spivack super part of what? Is the correct answer: company radar networks?	Context: radar networks subpart of nova spivack;radar networks subpart of nova spivack;radar networks subpart of nova spivack
1.0	Question: bird blue jays subpart of what? Is the correct answer: sports league mlb?	Context: blue jays agent collaborates with agent mlb;mlb super part of yankees;mlb super part of yankees
1.0	Question: city silverton proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: silverton arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new jersey proxy of d c 
0.99560546875	Question: sports team west georgia wolves team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league ncaa?	Context: ncaa league teams west georgia wolves;ncaa league teams lsu;ncaa league teams lsu
0.859375	Question: city carrsville mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province kentucky?	Context: kentucky mutual proxy for carrsville;frankfort city capital of state kentucky;frankfort city capital of state kentucky
0.96484375	Question: country lithuania inverse of bank bank in country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location national?	Context: national has office in country lithuania;national bank bank in country soviet union;national bank bank in country soviet union
0.4375	Question: male chicago proxy for what? Is the correct answer: sports team bad cubs?	Context: richard m  daley controlled by agent chicago;richard m  daley controlled by agent chicago;bad cubs proxy of chicago
1.0	Question: vegetable pepper inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product what? Is the correct answer: vegetable honey?	Context: potatoes agricultural product cooked with agricultural product pepper;pepper agricultural product cooked with agricultural product potatoes;honey agricultural product cooked with agricultural product pepper
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location zionsville mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province indiana?	Context: indiana mutual proxy for zionsville;bobby knight person belongs to organization indiana;bobby knight person belongs to organization indiana
1.0	Question: CEO john t  chambers person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: biotech company cisco?	Context: cisco systems inc organization has person john t  chambers;cisco systems inc organization has person john t  chambers;cisco organization hired person john t  chambers
0.96484375	Question: winery stratford subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: connecticut super part of stratford;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;connecticut super part of bridgeport
0.9296875	Question: music album run at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: n2008 date of run;n2008 date of thailand;n2006 date of thailand
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) ncaa agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team creighton bluejays?	Context: iowa state cyclones agent collaborates with agent ncaa;ncaa agent collaborates with agent iowa state cyclones;creighton bluejays agent collaborates with agent ncaa
0.9296875	Question: city click created by agent what? Is the correct answer: visual artist articles?	Context: link agent created click;link agent created click;articles agent created click
0.9867452383041382	Question: politician - US john kasich person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: john kasich arthropod that feeds on insect news corp;news corp organization has person rupert murdoch;fox organization has person rupert murdoch
1.0	Question: magazine creem organization has person what? Is the correct answer: writer lester bangs?	Context: lester bangs person belongs to organization creem;lester bangs person belongs to organization creem;lester bangs person belongs to organization creem
0.9912109375	Question: clothing denim skirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object shirt?	Context: denim skirt arthropod that feeds on insect top;boots clothing to go with clothing top;shirt clothing to go with clothing boots
0.99945068359375	Question: geopolitical location venezuela country has company office what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location national?	Context: national has office in country venezuela;national has office in country spain;national has office in country spain
0.4375	Question: city univision super part of what? Is the correct answer: company wuvp tv?	Context: kftv tv subpart of univision;kftv tv subpart of univision;wuvp tv subpart of univision
1.0	Question: date n2004 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for n2004;new proxy of volunteer;new proxy of volunteer
1.0	Question: television network cnn  pbs television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: television station wfor tv?	Context: wroc television station affiliated with cnn  pbs;wroc subpart of cnn  pbs;wfor tv subpart of cnn  pbs
0.4375	Question: website star newspapers competes with what? Is the correct answer: company express?	Context: star newspapers arthropod that feeds on insect examiner;examiner competes with new york;express competes with new york
0.4375	Question: newspaper michigan mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: museum greenville?	Context: michigan arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;south carolina subpart of organization ncaa mens midwest regionals;greenville proxy for south carolina
0.4375	Question: politician - US romney politician US endorsed by politician US what? Is the correct answer: politician - US palin?	Context: palin politician (US) endorses politician (US) romney;palin politician (US) endorses politician (US) senator john mccain;palin politician (US) endorses politician (US) senator john mccain
0.9999828338623047	Question: visual artist white works for what? Is the correct answer: university media?	Context: department worker white;department worker white;white person belongs to organization media
0.859375	Question: state or province west virginia location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: city jobs?	Context: jobs agent acts in location west virginia;jobs agent acts in location california;jobs agent acts in location california
1.0	Question: person (North America) bob stevens works for what? Is the correct answer: university lockheed martin?	Context: lockheed martin worker bob stevens;lockheed martin worker robert stevens;lockheed martin worker robert stevens
0.9972186088562012	Question: publication cnn  pbs organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist charles kuralt?	Context: leslie moonves agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs;leslie moonves agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs;charles kuralt agent belongs to organization cnn  pbs
0.859375	Question: sports team chicago cardinals team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team bobcats?	Context: los angeles lakers team plays against team chicago cardinals;bobcats team plays against team los angeles lakers
1.0	Question: city lagrange proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city georgia?	Context: georgia proxy of lagrange;georgia proxy of dallas;georgia proxy of dallas
0.4375	Question: city internet agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: company contacts?	Context: internet arthropod that feeds on insect web;web agent competes with agent google;contacts agent competes with agent google
0.9997825026512146	Question: university national at location what? Is the correct answer: city beverly?	Context: national agent acts in location states;states location acted in by agent national;beverly located at national
0.9998525381088257	Question: television station kctv tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television network cnn  pbs?	Context: cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent kctv tv;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wbtw;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wbtw
0.4375	Question: country sri lanka country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country pakistan?	Context: republic country also known as sri lanka;pakistan country also known as republic
0.9999313354492188	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: county philadelphia?	Context: d c  location acted in by agent american;d c  location acted in by agent national;philadelphia location acted in by agent national
0.4375	Question: state or province kansas mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: county denton city?	Context: new location located within location kansas;new mutual proxy for missouri;denton city mutual proxy for missouri
0.4375	Question: blog fox news competes with what? Is the correct answer: website the daily?	Context: fox news competes with times;the daily competes with times
0.71875	Question: insect aphids arthropod and other arthropod what? Is the correct answer: insect bugs?	Context: bugs inverse of arthropod and other arthropod aphids;insects inverse of arthropod and other arthropod bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod and other arthropod insects
0.99945068359375	Question: profession clean water super part of what? Is the correct answer: room systems?	Context: systems subpart of clean water;systems subpart of utility;systems subpart of utility
0.9897270798683167	Question: credit union wisconsin mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location brookfield?	Context: madison subpart of wisconsin;madison subpart of wisconsin;brookfield mutual proxy for wisconsin
0.4375	Question: city elizabeth geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states state located in geo-political location elizabeth;nevada geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location nevada
0.4375	Question: state or province states geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country mozambique?	Context: republic country located in geopolitical location states;republic country located in geopolitical location african countries;mozambique country located in geopolitical location african countries
1.0	Question: city download agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: website adobe?	Context: adobe superpart of organization download;adobe agent created form;adobe agent created form
1.0	Question: CEO f  duane ackerman person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: company bellsouth?	Context: bellsouth organization led by person f  duane ackerman;bellsouth organization led by person f  duane ackerman;bellsouth organization led by person f  duane ackerman
0.9011421799659729	Question: CEO roger ailes works for what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: roger ailes arthropod that feeds on insect washington;washington worker charles krauthammer;fox worker charles krauthammer
0.4375	Question: company american standard companies superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company trane?	Context: trane subpart of organization american standard companies;trane acquired by american standard companies;trane subpart of organization american standard companies
1.0	Question: visual artist white person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: government organization senate?	Context: department organization hired person white;white works for department;senate organization hired person white
0.859375	Question: politician rodham clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person - Africa madeleine albright?	Context: rodham clinton agent collaborates with agent clinton;madeleine albright agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.859375	Question: geometric shape ship at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2007?	Context: n2008 date of ship;n2008 date of state;n2007 date of state
0.71875	Question: television network pbs superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: company ksmq tv?	Context: kera tv agent belongs to organization pbs;kera tv controlled by agent pbs;ksmq tv subpart of organization pbs
0.9296875	Question: organization nation s proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of nation s;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
1.0	Question: government organization zanu pf government mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person mugabe?	Context: mugabe controlled by agent zanu pf government;mugabe person leads organization harare;mugabe mutual proxy for harare
0.30332958698272705	Question: bank washington mutual inverse of bank bought bank what? Is the correct answer: bank chase?	Context: washington mutual acquired by chase;bank one acquired by chase;chase bank bought bank bank one
0.859375	Question: city berea mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province kentucky?	Context: kentucky mutual proxy for berea;kentucky geopolitical location contains city ashland;kentucky geopolitical location contains city ashland
1.0	Question: state or province alberta state or province of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: company pembina institute?	Context: pembina institute organization headquartered in state or province alberta;chris severson baker top member of organization pembina institute;pembina institute organization has top member chris severson baker
0.9912109375	Question: product office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: academic field centers?	Context: department synonym for office;department synonym for office;centers synonym for office
0.9952400326728821	Question: city nebraska super part of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location north platte?	Context: nebraska geopolitical location contains city omaha;nebraska geopolitical location contains city omaha;north platte at location nebraska
0.4375	Question: director little mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location area?	Context: area mutual proxy for little;area mutual proxy for east;area mutual proxy for east
0.9912109375	Question: clothing long sleeve shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object shirt?	Context: long sleeve shirt clothing to go with clothing boots;shoes clothing to go with clothing boots;shirt clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: military conflict battle creek mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: newspaper michigan?	Context: battle creek subpart of michigan;rodriguez person belongs to organization michigan;rodriguez person belongs to organization michigan
0.4375	Question: person - US warren buffet person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: county berkshire?	Context: berkshire organization led by person warren buffet;berkshire organization led by person warren buffet;berkshire organization led by person warren buffet
0.4375	Question: politics blog akron beacon journal publication journalist what? Is the correct answer: journalist sheldon ocker?	Context: sheldon ocker journalist writes for publication akron beacon journal;sheldon ocker journalist writes for publication akron beacon journal;sheldon ocker journalist writes for publication akron beacon journal
0.96484375	Question: event outcome result event has participant agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province function?	Context: animals001 agent participated in event result;animals001 agent participated in event result;function agent participated in event result
0.9999998807907104	Question: city cincinnati location contains location what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue great american ball park?	Context: cincinnati city stadiums paul brown stadium;cincinnati city stadiums paul brown stadium;great american ball park location located within location cincinnati
0.859375	Question: month august date of what? Is the correct answer: website homes?	Context: new mutual proxy for august;new at date n2008;homes at date n2008
0.859375	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: american arthropod that feeds on insect new jersey;new jersey proxy of camden;camden at location new jersey
0.4375	Question: company air new zealand has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city samoa?	Context: air new zealand agent acts in location london;air new zealand agent acts in location london;samoa city has company office air new zealand
0.5172897577285767	Question: website kenya at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2005?	Context: n2005 date of kenya;n2005 date of state;n2005 date of state
0.9977299571037292	Question: person (Mexico) alberto arias person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: organization yankees?	Context: mlb league players alberto arias;mlb organization has person adrian gonzalez;yankees organization has person adrian gonzalez
0.4375	Question: clothing skirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing straw hat?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing skirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing straw hat
0.9949337244033813	Question: state or province virginia inverse of automobile maker car dealers in state or province what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker honda?	Context: virginia location located within location usa;ohio state located in country usa;honda automobile maker/car dealers in state or province ohio
0.4375	Question: clothing tights clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing leotards?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing tights;leotards clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: visualizable scene manchester airports building located in city what? Is the correct answer: city london?	Context: manchester airports attraction of city london;london city contains building stansted;london city contains building stansted
0.9999656677246094	Question: geopolitical location yemen country also known as what? Is the correct answer: country u s ?	Context: republic country also known as yemen;u s  country also known as republic
0.9915916919708252	Question: state or province oklahoma located at what? Is the correct answer: city muskogee?	Context: oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;oklahoma geopolitical location contains city oklahoma city;muskogee at location oklahoma
0.9955348968505859	Question: athlete chuck james athlete plays sport what? Is the correct answer: sport baseball?	Context: baseball players chuck james;kelly johnson athlete plays sport baseball;baseball players kelly johnson
0.9912109375	Question: television network pbs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company ksmq tv?	Context: wmpt agent belongs to organization pbs;pbs agent collaborates with agent wmpt;ksmq tv agent collaborates with agent pbs
0.859375	Question: university google agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: visual artist custom?	Context: google organization has person jobs;google organization has person jobs;custom agent competes with agent google
0.71875	Question: company finnair has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city tokyo?	Context: finnair arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect tokyo
0.982421875	Question: physical action removal subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of removal;water super part of water treatment;water super part of water treatment
1.0	Question: sport baseball sport team what? Is the correct answer: sports team fresno state?	Context: red sox team plays sport baseball;baseball sport team red sox;fresno state team plays sport baseball
0.71875	Question: city concord proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province north carolina?	Context: new proxy of concord;new proxy of wilmington;north carolina proxy of wilmington
1.0	Question: winery french lick mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province indiana?	Context: indiana mutual proxy for french lick;indiana geopolitical location contains city merrillville;indiana geopolitical location contains city merrillville
0.997802734375	Question: country france france country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location nato members?	Context: countries geopolitical location contains country france france;countries geopolitical location contains country russia;nato members geopolitical location contains country russia
1.0	Question: company flickr competes with what? Is the correct answer: company photo001?	Context: flickr agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent facebook;photo001 competes with facebook
0.999998927116394	Question: building locations located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: locations arthropod that feeds on insect generations;generations at location west;new at location west
0.859375	Question: state or province states geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country uganda?	Context: republic geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location republic;uganda country located in geopolitical location states
0.96484375	Question: sports team clark atlanta panthers subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: clark atlanta panthers arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina
0.4375	Question: television network cw agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wbsc tv?	Context: wnab tv agent belongs to organization cw;wnab tv agent collaborates with agent cw;wbsc tv agent collaborates with agent cw
0.4375	Question: political party government agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province acreage?	Context: products agent collaborates with agent government;products agent collaborates with agent government;acreage agent collaborates with agent government
0.4375	Question: company news network agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new york times?	Context: news network arthropod that feeds on insect washington;washington agent competes with agent journal;new york times agent competes with agent journal
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location westerly mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for westerly;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
0.71875	Question: music artist american agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location clementon?	Context: american arthropod that feeds on insect wayne;wayne at location new jersey;new jersey proxy of clementon
1.0	Question: insect insects inverse of animal feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: animal scavengers?	Context: insects inverse of arthropod and other arthropod bugs;bugs inverse of arthropod and other arthropod insects;scavengers animal that feed on insect insects
0.71875	Question: city malta at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1942?	Context: n1942 date of malta;n1942 date of england;n1942 date of england
0.4375	Question: county new london subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: connecticut super part of new london;connecticut super part of bridgeport;connecticut super part of bridgeport
0.96484375	Question: politics blog dallas morning news competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication washington?	Context: new york competes with dallas morning news;new york competes with washington post;washington competes with washington post
1.0	Question: hotel best western hotel in city what? Is the correct answer: city toronto?	Context: toronto city hotels best western;hotel le germain hotel in city toronto;toronto city hotels hotel le germain
0.859375	Question: city workshops at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: n2008 date of workshops;n2008 date of thailand;n2006 date of thailand
0.859375	Question: television network pbs television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: company wceu?	Context: wcvw television station affiliated with pbs;pbs television company affiliate wcvw;wceu television station affiliated with pbs
0.9989013671875	Question: state or province california super part of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization santa barbara?	Context: los angeles ca subpart of california;los angeles ca subpart of california;santa barbara subpart of california
1.0	Question: state or province new york state or province residence of person what? Is the correct answer: person mohamed elbaradei?	Context: albany city capital of state new york;new york state has capital albany;mohamed elbaradei person has residence in state or province new york
0.982421875	Question: university oklahoma state organization has person what? Is the correct answer: coach mike gundy?	Context: mike gundy person belongs to organization oklahoma state;mike gundy person belongs to organization cowboys 19 13;mike gundy person belongs to organization cowboys 19 13
0.9999999403953552	Question: city lot organization headquartered in city what? Is the correct answer: organization warsaw?	Context: warsaw city of organization headquarters lot;warsaw city of organization headquarters lot;warsaw city of organization headquarters lot
0.96484375	Question: clothing top clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hat?	Context: skirt clothing to go with clothing top;hat clothing to go with clothing skirt
0.4375	Question: product office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: sports team position web site?	Context: office synonym for department;web site synonym for department
0.71875	Question: mammal horses animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: mammal domesticated animals?	Context: horses arthropod that feeds on insect sheep;animals animal predators sheep;domesticated animals animal predators animals
0.4375	Question: clothing denim pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing boots?	Context: denim pants arthropod that feeds on insect blue jeans;shoes clothing to go with clothing blue jeans;boots clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.8194231390953064	Question: journalist bob kravitz journalist writes for publication what? Is the correct answer: politics blog indianapolis star?	Context: indianapolis star publication journalist bob kravitz;indianapolis star publication journalist bob kravitz;indianapolis star publication journalist bob kravitz
0.9955505132675171	Question: television network cnn  pbs superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: television station whp?	Context: wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;whp subpart of organization cnn  pbs
0.4375	Question: television station orlando proxy for what? Is the correct answer: stadium or event venue bob carr performing arts centre?	Context: florida001 proxy of orlando;florida001 proxy of orlando;bob carr performing arts centre proxy of orlando
0.4375	Question: sports team wisconsin stout blue devils agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent wisconsin stout blue devils;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.71875	Question: animal dingoes animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal dogs?	Context: dingoes arthropod that feeds on insect livestock;livestock animal type has animal animals;dogs animal type has animal animals
0.859375	Question: city oak brook city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: illinois state contains city oak brook;illinois state contains city saint louis;illinois state contains city saint louis
0.4375	Question: date literal n1889 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for n1889;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.4375	Question: company kmoh tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: nbc universal agent controls kmoh tv;bob wright top member of organization nbc universal;nbc universal agent controls bob wright
1.0	Question: sports league nfl superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team titans?	Context: ex pittsburgh steelers subpart of nfl;ex pittsburgh steelers subpart of nfl;titans subpart of organization nfl
0.982421875	Question: state or province indiana super part of what? Is the correct answer: city muncie?	Context: bill lynch subpart of indiana;bill lynch works for indiana;muncie subpart of indiana
1.0	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wxtx?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;fox agent collaborates with agent brit hume;wxtx agent collaborates with agent fox
0.957737922668457	Question: terrorist organization times worker what? Is the correct answer: journalist eric asimov?	Context: james003 works for times;james003 works for times;eric asimov works for times
0.859375	Question: product office synonym for what? Is the correct answer: government organization fdic?	Context: department synonym for office;department synonym for office;fdic synonym for office
0.71875	Question: city antioch city located in state what? Is the correct answer: state or province illinois?	Context: antioch at location illinois;illinois state contains city urbana;illinois state contains city urbana
0.9961748719215393	Question: publication nbc universal organization has agent what? Is the correct answer: television station wsmv?	Context: bob wright agent belongs to organization nbc universal;bob wright agent belongs to organization nbc universal;wsmv subpart of organization nbc universal
0.9999992847442627	Question: city anaheim located at what? Is the correct answer: sports team oregon ducks basketball?	Context: anaheim city stadiums angel stadium;anaheim city stadiums angel stadium;oregon ducks basketball at location anaheim
1.0	Question: geopolitical organization dinuba proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california proxy of dinuba;california state contains city sonoma;california proxy of sonoma
0.859375	Question: CEO richard top member of organization what? Is the correct answer: company virgin atlantic?	Context: virgin atlantic organization has top member richard;virgin atlantic organization has top member richard;virgin atlantic organization has top member richard
1.0	Question: city birmingham at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province alabama?	Context: alabama geopolitical location contains city birmingham;alabama geopolitical location contains city birmingham;alabama geopolitical location contains city birmingham
0.4375	Question: company kvih tv agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: abc organization has agent kvih tv;abc organization has agent charlie gibson;abc organization has agent charlie gibson
0.71875	Question: mammal bats animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal small mammals?	Context: bats arthropod that feeds on insect rats;rats animal is type of animal rodents;small mammals animal is type of animal rodents
0.4375	Question: blog galveston daily news agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist news?	Context: news agent competes with agent galveston daily news;news agent competes with agent yahoo;news agent competes with agent yahoo
0.4375	Question: state or province virginia mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: date n2004?	Context: virginia arthropod that feeds on insect post;post at location new;n2004 mutual proxy for new
0.9610881805419922	Question: insect mosquitoes inverse of animal feed on insect what? Is the correct answer: insect flies?	Context: flies animal that feed on insect mosquitoes;flies inverse of arthropod and other arthropod mosquitoes;flies animal that feed on insect mosquitoes
0.9999999403953552	Question: sports team ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: radio station nevada?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals subpart of organization ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;nevada subpart of organization ncaa mens midwest regionals
0.4375	Question: politics blog the washington times organization hired person what? Is the correct answer: visual artist white?	Context: white person hired by organization the washington times;white works for clinton;white person hired by organization clinton
1.0	Question: university university of minnesota school attended by person what? Is the correct answer: person tom lehman?	Context: tom lehman person attends school university of minnesota;tom lehman controlled by agent university of minnesota;tom lehman person attends school university of minnesota
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: physical action runs?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;new mutual proxy for runs
0.4375	Question: government organization new jersey state court mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new jersey state court arthropod that feeds on insect canada;canada proxy of victoria;new proxy of victoria
1.0	Question: automobile maker fiat automobile maker chief executive CEO what? Is the correct answer: CEO executive sergio marchionne?	Context: executive sergio marchionne top member of organization fiat;fiat s p a company CEO executive sergio marchionne;executive sergio marchionne CEO of fiat s p a
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: table item racing?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;racing proxy for new
0.9996874928474426	Question: city texas super part of what? Is the correct answer: academic field lubbock?	Context: texas geopolitical location contains city garland;texas geopolitical location contains city garland;lubbock subpart of texas
0.71875	Question: university texas a m agent controls what? Is the correct answer: coach dennis franchione?	Context: dennis franchione controlled by agent texas a m;dennis franchione controlled by agent texas a m;dennis franchione controlled by agent texas a m
0.859375	Question: state or province ohio state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city ashtabula?	Context: cincinnati city located in state ohio;cincinnati city located in state ohio;ashtabula city located in state ohio
1.0	Question: visualizable scene gibbstown mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: new jersey mutual proxy for gibbstown;trenton city capital of state new jersey;trenton city capital of state new jersey
0.4375	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: coach arkansas razorbacks?	Context: stanford cardinals agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals;arkansas razorbacks agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.4375	Question: television station wlef tv controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: wlef tv agent collaborates with agent pbs;pbs agent controls kjre;pbs agent controls kjre
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city fox valley?	Context: d c  city has company office national;d c  city has company office national;fox valley city has company office national
0.999998927116394	Question: city garden grove located at what? Is the correct answer: music artist american?	Context: american at location garden grove;american at location annapolis;american at location annapolis
0.99560546875	Question: profession group profession is type of profession what? Is the correct answer: profession specialists?	Context: group arthropod that feeds on insect practitioners;practitioners profession type has profession teachers;specialists profession type has profession teachers
0.859375	Question: biotech company nokia corp company also known as what? Is the correct answer: company sony002?	Context: nokia corp arthropod that feeds on insect samsung;samsung company also known as motorola;sony002 company also known as motorola
0.9296875	Question: visual artist white person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: government organization cia?	Context: house organization has person white;house organization has person white;cia organization has person white
0.4375	Question: hallway item radiant floor super part of what? Is the correct answer: bathroom item home?	Context: home subpart of radiant floor;home subpart of radiant floor;home subpart of radiant floor
0.96484375	Question: athlete ind agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television station wotf?	Context: wjxt controlled by agent ind;wjxt controlled by agent ind;wotf agent collaborates with agent ind
0.9999978542327881	Question: animal creatures animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal whales?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;whales animal is type of animal creatures
0.4375	Question: job position internal audit synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: internal audit arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency synonym for department;office synonym for department
0.9912109375	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: geometric shape surface?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;surface subpart of water
0.71875	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team massachusetts minutemen?	Context: ncaa mens midwest regionals subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;massachusetts minutemen subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals
1.0	Question: television station watm television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: website abc world news?	Context: watm subpart of abc;kdrv tv subpart of organization abc;kdrv tv television station affiliated with abc world news
1.0	Question: television network pbs television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: company wekw tv?	Context: wcvw television station affiliated with pbs;pbs television company affiliate wcvw;wekw tv television station affiliated with pbs
0.4375	Question: coach paul chryst agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person pitt?	Context: pitt agent collaborates with agent paul chryst;pitt agent collaborates with agent jamie dixon;pitt agent collaborates with agent jamie dixon
1.0	Question: person team proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of team;new proxy of massachusetts;new proxy of massachusetts
0.9616259336471558	Question: geopolitical location florida001 located at what? Is the correct answer: beach fernandina beach?	Context: meyer001 person belongs to organization florida001;florida001 organization has person meyer001;fernandina beach at location florida001
0.4375	Question: company newsletter competes with what? Is the correct answer: website facebook?	Context: facebook competes with newsletter;mark zuckerberg top member of organization facebook;facebook organization has top member mark zuckerberg
1.0	Question: animal hamsters animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: mammal small pets?	Context: hamsters arthropod that feeds on insect dogs;dogs animal type has animal cats;small pets animal type has animal cats
0.4375	Question: sports team caldwell cougars agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent caldwell cougars;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent duke
0.4375	Question: clothing high heels clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing print dress?	Context: high heels arthropod that feeds on insect boots;shoes clothing to go with clothing boots;print dress clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.71875	Question: agricultural product camels animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal exotic animals?	Context: camels arthropod that feeds on insect tigers;animals animal predators tigers;exotic animals animal preys on animals
0.859375	Question: company qualcomm agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person paul jacobs?	Context: irwin jacobs CEO of qualcomm;irwin jacobs top member of organization qualcomm;paul jacobs person leads organization qualcomm
1.0	Question: city georgia geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city blairsville?	Context: vince dooley person terminated by organization georgia;georgia organization has person vince dooley;blairsville city located in geopolitical location georgia
0.4375	Question: sports team new york giants agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person - US neifi perez?	Context: eli manning athlete led sports team new york giants;eli manning athlete led sports team new york giants;neifi perez agent collaborates with agent new york giants
1.0	Question: state or province new york state or province of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: sports team new york islanders 5 3 saturday night?	Context: new york state contains city long island;new york state contains city long island;new york islanders 5 3 saturday night organization headquartered in state or province new york
0.997802734375	Question: programming language controls subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of controls;water super part of water treatment;water super part of water treatment
0.4375	Question: company sony001 organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: organization warner music group corp ?	Context: howard stringer top member of organization sony001;sony001 organization led by person howard stringer;warner music group corp  organization also known as sony001
1.0	Question: newspaper the new york sun organization headquartered in city what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: new york city of organization headquarters the new york sun;new york city of organization headquarters journal;new york city of organization headquarters journal
0.4375	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team massachusetts minutemen?	Context: stanford cardinals agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals;ncaa midwest regionals agent collaborates with agent stanford cardinals;massachusetts minutemen agent collaborates with agent ncaa midwest regionals
0.9912109375	Question: sports league ncaa league teams what? Is the correct answer: sports team arkansas fort smith lions?	Context: wildcats team plays in league ncaa;wildcats team plays in league ncaa;arkansas fort smith lions team plays in league ncaa
0.999725341796875	Question: city countryside proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of countryside;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.4375	Question: airport addis ababa mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city ethiopia?	Context: ethiopia mutual proxy for addis ababa;ethiopia geopolitical location contains city addis ababa;ethiopia geopolitical location contains city addis ababa
0.4375	Question: county delaware river port authority mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for delaware river port authority;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
0.859375	Question: organization new orleans hornets team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team trail blazers?	Context: nba league teams new orleans hornets;los angeles lakers subpart of organization nba;trail blazers team plays against team los angeles lakers
1.0	Question: professor christopher mccormick person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: retail store l l bean outdoor discovery schools?	Context: l l bean outdoor discovery schools organization hired person christopher mccormick;l l bean outdoor discovery schools organization has person christopher mccormick;l l bean outdoor discovery schools organization hired person christopher mccormick
0.4375	Question: book american places mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for american places;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
0.859375	Question: country south africa at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1999?	Context: south africa arthropod that feeds on insect english language;england country language english language;n1999 date of england
0.9296875	Question: television station kdrv tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: city abc?	Context: abc super part of kdrv tv;abc super part of charles gibson;abc super part of charles gibson
0.859375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing pleated skirt?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing top;pleated skirt clothing to go with clothing shirt
1.0	Question: CEO kumar birla person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company aditya birla group?	Context: aditya birla group organization has person kumar birla;aditya birla group organization has person kumar birla;aditya birla group organization has person kumar birla
1.0	Question: country korea geopolitical location contains state what? Is the correct answer: state or province states?	Context: states geopolitical location contains country korea;nevada geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location nevada
0.99560546875	Question: building feature information subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: air super part of information;air super part of state;air super part of state
0.4375	Question: professional organization headache foundation synonym for what? Is the correct answer: sports equipment board?	Context: headache foundation arthropod that feeds on insect member;member synonym for department;board synonym for department
1.0	Question: sports team bills team plays in league what? Is the correct answer: sports league nfl?	Context: nfl league teams bills;new england patriots team plays in league nfl;nfl league teams new england patriots
0.4375	Question: animal small non canine pets agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: mammal rabbits?	Context: small non canine pets arthropod that feeds on insect animals001;animals001 agent competes with agent cats;rabbits agent competes with agent cats
0.9912109375	Question: product minister synonym for what? Is the correct answer: programming language services?	Context: minister synonym for office;services synonym for office
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: political office accident lawyer?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;accident lawyer proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: weapon weeks at date what? Is the correct answer: year n1994?	Context: n2008 date of weeks;n2008 date of state;n1994 date of state
0.9989013671875	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: state or province hotels?	Context: new york proxy for new;new york at location new;new at location hotels
0.4375	Question: vegetable sweet potato agricultural product cooked with agricultural product what? Is the correct answer: vegetable pepper?	Context: sweet potato arthropod that feeds on insect peas;peppers agricultural product cooked with agricultural product peas;pepper inverse of agricultural product cooked with agriculture product peppers
0.859375	Question: programming language system subpart of what? Is the correct answer: chemical rain water?	Context: gas super part of system;gas super part of system;rain water super part of system
1.0	Question: city washington   d   c   inverse of writer was born in city what? Is the correct answer: person mcpherson?	Context: united states country capital washington   d   c  ;united states country capital washington   d   c  ;mcpherson writer was born in city washington   d   c  
0.8036776781082153	Question: state or province new york super part of what? Is the correct answer: city center?	Context: new york arthropod that feeds on insect merkin concert hall;new york city stadiums merkin concert hall;center subpart of new york
1.0	Question: city vineland proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: vineland arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new jersey proxy of d c 
1.0	Question: company perot organization terminated person what? Is the correct answer: CEO peter altabef?	Context: peter altabef person terminated by organization perot;peter altabef person terminated by organization perot;peter altabef person terminated by organization perot
0.96484375	Question: company google competes with what? Is the correct answer: company maps searches?	Context: google arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect maps searches
0.9912109375	Question: character trait initiative mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for initiative;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
1.0	Question: musician evan dando agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist lemonheads?	Context: lemonheads agent collaborates with agent evan dando;lemonheads agent collaborates with agent evan dando;lemonheads agent collaborates with agent evan dando
0.4375	Question: clothing tie clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing white ruffled shirt?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing tie;tie clothing to go with clothing shirt;white ruffled shirt clothing to go with clothing tie
0.71875	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: city truckee?	Context: sonoma city located in state california;california state contains city sonoma;truckee at location california
0.9999914169311523	Question: country italy synonym for what? Is the correct answer: city republic?	Context: republic mutual proxy for italy;republic synonym for herzegovina;republic synonym for herzegovina
0.9912109375	Question: website technorati agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: university google?	Context: technorati arthropod that feeds on insect research;research agent competes with agent search;google agent competes with agent search
1.0	Question: company wvah agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox agent controls wvah;fox organization has agent brit hume;fox organization has agent brit hume
0.9999313354492188	Question: clothing tights clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shoes?	Context: hat clothing to go with clothing tights;hat clothing made from plant grass;shoes clothing made from plant grass
0.96484375	Question: company ktbo tv agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: athlete ind?	Context: ktbo tv controlled by agent ind;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt;ind agent collaborates with agent wjxt
0.9869375824928284	Question: city london city hotels what? Is the correct answer: hotel st martins lane?	Context: claridges hotel in city london;claridges hotel in city london;st martins lane hotel in city london
0.982421875	Question: website show at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2003?	Context: n2005 date of show;n2005 date of people;n2003 date of people
0.4375	Question: weather phenomenon air super part of what? Is the correct answer: beverage set up?	Context: state subpart of air;state subpart of air;set up subpart of air
0.4375	Question: clothing shoes clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing silk dress?	Context: grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes;silk dress clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.4375	Question: state or province oklahoma state contains city what? Is the correct answer: city blanchard?	Context: tulsa city located in state oklahoma;oklahoma state contains city tulsa;blanchard city located in state oklahoma
0.4375	Question: coach chuck pagano agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league new?	Context: new agent collaborates with agent chuck pagano;new agent collaborates with agent adrian gonzalez;new agent collaborates with agent adrian gonzalez
0.859375	Question: television station wetm agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: publication nbc universal?	Context: wetm arthropod that feeds on insect rca;rca agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff;nbc universal agent collaborates with agent david sarnoff
0.4375	Question: sports league college organization has person what? Is the correct answer: person hilary?	Context: college arthropod that feeds on insect president;president person belongs to organization house;hilary person belongs to organization house
0.859375	Question: attraction powerhouse located at what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: powerhouse arthropod that feeds on insect generations;generations at location west;new at location west
0.9998626708984375	Question: magazine people competes with what? Is the correct answer: company new york?	Context: people competes with twitter;new york competes with twitter
0.9999999403953552	Question: university search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: city forums?	Context: use agent competes with agent search;use agent competes with agent search;forums agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: company sony001 synonym for what? Is the correct answer: organization warner music group corp ?	Context: emi synonym for sony001;emi synonym for sony001;warner music group corp  synonym for sony001
1.0	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing cargo shorts?	Context: top clothing to go with clothing shirt;shirt clothing to go with clothing top;cargo shorts clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.859375	Question: county crowley at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province louisiana?	Context: louisiana located at crowley;louisiana geopolitical location contains city baton rouge;louisiana geopolitical location contains city baton rouge
0.71875	Question: website followers location contains location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: followers arthropod that feeds on insect france france;france france proxy of paris;new proxy of paris
1.0	Question: CEO steve ballmer CEO of what? Is the correct answer: company microsoft?	Context: microsoft company CEO steve ballmer;microsoft company CEO steve ballmer;microsoft company CEO steve ballmer
0.4375	Question: clothing linings clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing hoses?	Context: hoses clothing to go with clothing linings;hoses clothing to go with clothing linings;hoses clothing to go with clothing linings
1.0	Question: beach manalapan mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province new jersey?	Context: manalapan arthropod that feeds on insect united states;united states proxy of d c ;new jersey proxy of d c 
0.8536383509635925	Question: insect termites animal is type of animal what? Is the correct answer: animal organisms?	Context: termites arthropod that feeds on insect bees;bees animal type has animal insects;organisms animal type has animal insects
0.859375	Question: date literal n2005 date of what? Is the correct answer: island interview?	Context: n2005 arthropod that feeds on insect cape town;cape town at date n2004;interview at date n2004
0.4375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: shopping mall central park?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;central park mutual proxy for new
1.0	Question: television station orlando proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: orlando arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of tampa;florida001 proxy of tampa
0.9999914169311523	Question: weather phenomenon new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: music album ones?	Context: power proxy for new;power proxy for new;ones proxy for new
0.4375	Question: sports team pirates team also known as what? Is the correct answer: sports team cincinnati red stockings?	Context: frank athlete led sports team pirates;pirates organization has person frank;cincinnati red stockings team also known as pirates
0.9912109375	Question: state or province kansas proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location salina?	Context: topeka city capital of state kansas;kansas state has capital topeka;salina proxy for kansas
0.997802734375	Question: academic field affairs synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession associate?	Context: office synonym for affairs;office synonym for affairs;associate synonym for affairs
1.0	Question: CEO stephen bollenbach person leads organization what? Is the correct answer: company hilton hotels?	Context: hilton hotels organization led by person stephen bollenbach;hilton hotels organization led by person stephen bollenbach;hilton hotels organization led by person stephen bollenbach
0.9999999403953552	Question: coach gary patterson person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: university texas christian university?	Context: tcu organization hired person gary patterson;tcu organization has person gary patterson;texas christian university organization hired person gary patterson
0.71875	Question: sports league service subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: university google?	Context: google agent collaborates with agent service;google superpart of organization feedburner;google superpart of organization feedburner
0.859375	Question: coach van subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon air?	Context: van arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect state;air super part of state
1.0	Question: state or province minnesota proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location richfield?	Context: duluth city capital of state minnesota;duluth city capital of state minnesota;richfield proxy for minnesota
0.859375	Question: sports team st  cloud state huskies subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: st  cloud state huskies arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization dc;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization dc
0.9893503189086914	Question: arthropod pollinators inverse of animal such as invertebrate what? Is the correct answer: arachnid butterflies?	Context: insects animal such as invertebrate pollinators;insects animal such as invertebrate pollinators;butterflies animal such as invertebrate pollinators
0.4375	Question: city vancouver location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: music artist american?	Context: vancouver arthropod that feeds on insect national;national agent acts in location bedford;american agent acts in location bedford
0.71875	Question: date n2004 date of what? Is the correct answer: organization national assembly?	Context: klm organization dissolved at date n2004;klm organization dissolved at date n2004;national assembly at date n2004
0.859375	Question: person kerry agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person - US teresa heinz kerry?	Context: kerry arthropod that feeds on insect obama;obama agent collaborates with agent clinton;teresa heinz kerry agent collaborates with agent clinton
0.9912817478179932	Question: sports team raptors team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team atlanta hawks?	Context: raptors team plays in league nba;chicago bulls team plays in league nba;atlanta hawks team plays against team chicago bulls
0.4375	Question: state or province wyoming state or province is bordered by state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province maine?	Context: wyoming state contains city cheyenne;wyoming state contains city cheyenne;maine state or province is bordered by state or province wyoming
0.9999964237213135	Question: company kusd tv television station affiliated with what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: pbs television company affiliate kusd tv;wcvw television station affiliated with pbs;wcvw television station affiliated with pbs
0.859375	Question: political party coalition at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2001?	Context: n2003 date of coalition;n2003 date of d c ;n2001 date of d c 
1.0	Question: bank federal express organization has person what? Is the correct answer: professor fred smith?	Context: fred smith person belongs to organization federal express;fred smith top member of organization federal express;fred smith person belongs to organization federal express
0.4375	Question: sports team marlins agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Mexico) jim thome?	Context: giancarlo stanton athlete led sports team marlins;giancarlo stanton athlete led sports team marlins;jim thome agent collaborates with agent marlins
0.859375	Question: county seattle location acted in by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league post?	Context: seattle arthropod that feeds on insect new york;new york agent acts in location new;post agent acts in location new
0.859375	Question: politician - US jobs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician - US john sculley?	Context: tim cook agent collaborates with agent jobs;apple company CEO tim cook;john sculley agent collaborates with agent apple
1.0	Question: CEO stephen bollenbach person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company hilton hotels?	Context: hilton hotels organization hired person stephen bollenbach;hilton hotels organization has person stephen bollenbach;hilton hotels organization hired person stephen bollenbach
0.4375	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing undies?	Context: pants clothing to go with clothing shirt;undies clothing to go with clothing pants
0.5166664123535156	Question: geometric shape effect proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of effect;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.859375	Question: politics issue field at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1996?	Context: n2007 date of field;n2007 date of state;n1996 date of state
0.71875	Question: city fairfield subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province connecticut?	Context: fairfield proxy for connecticut;connecticut geopolitical location contains city bridgeport;connecticut super part of bridgeport
1.0	Question: city abc agent controls what? Is the correct answer: radio station wciv?	Context: peter jennings controlled by agent abc;peter jennings controlled by agent abc;wciv controlled by agent abc
0.4375	Question: university state university university has academic program what? Is the correct answer: politics issue energy?	Context: state university organization has person john002;state university organization has person john002;energy academic program at university state university
0.4375	Question: clothing scrubs clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shirts?	Context: scrubs arthropod that feeds on insect gloves;shirt clothing to go with clothing gloves;shirts clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.9912109375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: musician streets?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;streets mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: city crestview proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location florida001?	Context: crestview arthropod that feeds on insect new;new proxy of tampa;florida001 proxy of tampa
0.859375	Question: government organization house agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: criminal republican nominee?	Context: hillary clinton person belongs to organization house;house organization has person hillary clinton;republican nominee agent collaborates with agent house
0.9769111275672913	Question: city frankfort at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province indiana?	Context: frankfort arthropod that feeds on insect pennsylvania;pennsylvania located at d c ;indiana located at d c 
0.859375	Question: person lee r  raymond agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: biotech company exxon?	Context: exxonmobil agent collaborates with agent lee r  raymond;exxonmobil agent collaborates with agent lee r  raymond;exxon agent collaborates with agent lee r  raymond
0.9856240153312683	Question: city latvia riga subpart of what? Is the correct answer: country latvia?	Context: latvia super part of latvia riga;latvia super part of latvia riga;latvia super part of latvia riga
0.9989013671875	Question: city las vegas city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company delta air lines?	Context: las vegas arthropod that feeds on insect post;post has office in city new york;delta air lines has office in city new york
0.9980483055114746	Question: city lafayette subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province indiana?	Context: indiana super part of lafayette;indiana super part of indianapolis;indiana super part of indianapolis
0.96484375	Question: sports team ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team texas tyler patriots?	Context: georgia state panthers subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;georgia state panthers team plays in league ncaa;ncaa league teams texas tyler patriots
1.0	Question: state or province new york proxy of what? Is the correct answer: movie lake placid?	Context: albany city capital of state new york;albany city capital of state new york;lake placid proxy for new york
0.9296875	Question: person jermaine dye person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team white sox?	Context: jermaine dye arthropod that feeds on insect mlb;mlb organization has person c j  wilson;white sox organization has person c j  wilson
0.71875	Question: publication cnn  pbs super part of what? Is the correct answer: radio station krem?	Context: wrdw subpart of cnn  pbs;wrdw subpart of cnn  pbs;krem subpart of cnn  pbs
0.982421875	Question: vertebrate wild dogs animal predators what? Is the correct answer: mammal predators?	Context: wild dogs arthropod that feeds on insect squirrels;creatures animal preys on squirrels;predators animal preys on creatures
0.71875	Question: music album king at location what? Is the correct answer: city sweden?	Context: king arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect european union;european union arthropod that feeds on insect sweden
1.0	Question: clothing shorts clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: visualizable object jersey?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing shorts;jersey clothing to go with clothing shirt
0.3272256553173065	Question: geopolitical location foreign countries geopolitical location contains country what? Is the correct answer: country thailand?	Context: thailand country located in geopolitical location foreign countries;thailand country capital bangkok;bangkok city located in country thailand
0.9792701005935669	Question: county smyrna at location what? Is the correct answer: city georgia?	Context: georgia location contains location smyrna;georgia geopolitical location contains city atlanta;georgia geopolitical location contains city atlanta
0.4375	Question: clothing baggy trousers clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing shoes?	Context: baggy trousers arthropod that feeds on insect skirt;grass inverse of clothing made from plant skirt;grass inverse of clothing made from plant shoes
0.71875	Question: music artist dead boys Music artist genre what? Is the correct answer: music genre punk?	Context: stiv bators controlled by agent dead boys;stiv bators controlled by agent dead boys;punk music genre artist dead boys
0.999778151512146	Question: county charlottesville subpart of what? Is the correct answer: state or province virginia?	Context: virginia super part of charlottesville;virginia super part of n1988;virginia super part of n1988
1.0	Question: trade union web site agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: blog form?	Context: form organization has agent web site;form organization has agent web site;form organization has agent web site
0.859375	Question: university fellow at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2006?	Context: fellow arthropod that feeds on insect n2004;n2004 date of u s ;n2006 date of u s 
1.0	Question: television network cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company ksla tv?	Context: wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent wtvr tv;ksla tv agent collaborates with agent cnn  pbs
0.859375	Question: date literal n2006 date of what? Is the correct answer: person austria?	Context: bangkok at date n2006;bangkok at date n2007;austria at date n2007
0.4375	Question: city la city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: politics blog new yorker?	Context: oc register organization headquartered in city la;oc register organization headquartered in city la;new yorker organization headquartered in city la
0.859375	Question: stadium or event venue kfc yum  center stadium located in city what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location louisville?	Context: louisville city stadiums kfc yum  center;louisville city stadiums kfc yum  center;louisville city stadiums kfc yum  center
0.983395516872406	Question: stadium or event venue fedex forum attraction of city what? Is the correct answer: city memphis?	Context: memphis city attractions fedex forum;memphis city attractions fedex forum;memphis city attractions fedex forum
1.0	Question: sports team red sox team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team new england patriots?	Context: yankees team plays against team red sox;chicago cardinals team also known as yankees;new england patriots team plays against team chicago cardinals
0.4375	Question: politician - US mark person moved to state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province maine?	Context: maine inverse of person moved to state or province mark;maine state contains city oxford;maine state contains city oxford
1.0	Question: sports team nashville predators subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nhl?	Context: nashville predators controlled by agent nhl;nhl superpart of organization new york islanders 5 3 saturday night;nhl superpart of organization new york islanders 5 3 saturday night
0.9296875	Question: weather phenomenon water super part of what? Is the correct answer: kitchen item portfolio?	Context: specialists subpart of water;specialists subpart of water;portfolio subpart of water
0.859375	Question: city abc agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wbup?	Context: charlie gibson agent collaborates with agent abc;abc agent collaborates with agent charlie gibson;wbup agent collaborates with agent abc
0.4375	Question: television network cnn  pbs agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wlfi tv?	Context: wtvr tv agent collaborates with agent cnn  pbs;wtvr tv controlled by agent cnn  pbs;wlfi tv agent collaborates with agent cnn  pbs
0.859375	Question: male united kingdom at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2001?	Context: n2008 date of united kingdom;n2008 date of thailand;n2001 date of thailand
0.4375	Question: company new york competes with what? Is the correct answer: politics blog international business times?	Context: derek jeter person terminated by organization new york;derek jeter works for new york;international business times competes with new york
0.9999656677246094	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: person west?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;west mutual proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: date n2003 date of what? Is the correct answer: academic field directors?	Context: iraq at date n2003;iraq at date n2006;directors at date n2006
0.859375	Question: clothing jeans clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing white tee shirt?	Context: jacket clothing to go with clothing jeans;white tee shirt clothing to go with clothing jacket
0.9999933838844299	Question: person - Africa dan warmenhoven person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company netapp?	Context: dan warmenhoven person terminated by organization netapp;dan warmenhoven person terminated by organization netapp;netapp organization led by person dan warmenhoven
0.859375	Question: person - US government person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: state or province morning?	Context: government arthropod that feeds on insect house;house organization hired person white;morning organization hired person white
0.4375	Question: person meg whitman agent controls what? Is the correct answer: museum steve?	Context: steve controlled by agent meg whitman;steve controlled by agent history;steve controlled by agent history
0.4375	Question: mollusk times agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person yoga?	Context: new york agent competes with agent times;new york agent competes with agent times;yoga agent competes with agent times
0.9989013671875	Question: geopolitical location national has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city belmont?	Context: national has office in country germany;national has office in country germany;belmont city has company office national
0.4375	Question: state or province new york located at what? Is the correct answer: city oswego?	Context: albany city capital of state new york;new york state has capital albany;oswego at location new york
0.9889242053031921	Question: date literal n2008 date of what? Is the correct answer: city reviews?	Context: bangkok at date n2008;bangkok at date n2004;reviews at date n2004
0.982421875	Question: company los angeles times worker what? Is the correct answer: journalist bill plaschke?	Context: bill plaschke works for los angeles times;bill plaschke works for los angeles times;bill plaschke works for los angeles times
0.71875	Question: room new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: emotion conclusion?	Context: attorney general proxy for new;attorney general proxy for new;conclusion proxy for new
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: museum museums?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;museums located at new
1.0	Question: website fox television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: company ktxl tv?	Context: kpth television station affiliated with fox;kpth subpart of fox;ktxl tv subpart of organization fox
0.982421875	Question: website decision at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2002?	Context: n2005 date of decision;n2005 date of people;n2002 date of people
0.4375	Question: government organization management organization also known as what? Is the correct answer: government organization u s  doe office?	Context: resources organization also known as management;resources organization also known as management;u s  doe office organization also known as management
0.859375	Question: city dili city capital of country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location east timor?	Context: east timor country capital dili;east timor country capital dili;east timor country capital dili
0.4375	Question: coach dan hawkins person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team boise state?	Context: dan hawkins coach's team boise state;dan hawkins coach's team boise state;boise state organization hired person dan hawkins
0.4375	Question: musician steam agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: website move?	Context: steam arthropod that feeds on insect content;content agent competes with agent search;move agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: athlete jon gaston agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: vertebrate wildcat?	Context: wildcat agent collaborates with agent jon gaston;wildcat agent collaborates with agent jon gaston;wildcat agent collaborates with agent jon gaston
0.96484375	Question: person - US warren buffet proxy for what? Is the correct answer: retail store berkshire hathaway?	Context: warren buffet top member of organization berkshire hathaway;warren buffet top member of organization berkshire hathaway;berkshire hathaway proxy of warren buffet
1.0	Question: person amy person moved to state or province what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york?	Context: new york inverse of person moved to state or province amy;new york state contains city long island;new york state contains city long island
0.9977423548698425	Question: state or province california geopolitical location contains city what? Is the correct answer: city hayward?	Context: sacramento city capital of state california;sacramento city capital of state california;hayward city located in geopolitical location california
0.9999999403953552	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: city los alamitos?	Context: states location acted in by agent national;states location acted in by agent national;los alamitos location acted in by agent national
0.4375	Question: state or province wb agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: television station kasw?	Context: kdaf tv controlled by agent wb;kdaf tv agent collaborates with agent wb;kasw agent collaborates with agent wb
1.0	Question: company wptd controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: television network pbs?	Context: wptd agent collaborates with agent pbs;pbs agent controls kawe;pbs agent controls kawe
0.9296875	Question: date literal n2007 date of what? Is the correct answer: currency dollars?	Context: thailand at date n2007;thailand at date n2007;dollars at date n2007
0.4375	Question: person welch agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: bank general electric?	Context: general electric agent collaborates with agent welch;general electric agent collaborates with agent jeffrey immelt;general electric agent collaborates with agent jeffrey immelt
1.0	Question: company ketv tv organization headquartered in city what? Is the correct answer: city omaha?	Context: omaha city of organization headquarters ketv tv;omaha city of organization headquarters ketv tv;omaha city of organization headquarters ketv tv
1.0	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: city work?	Context: states located at new;new location located within location states;work location contains location new
0.9296875	Question: county las vegas at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2010?	Context: n2008 date of las vegas;n2008 date of usa;n2010 date of usa
0.4375	Question: person moises alou agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team bad cubs?	Context: moises alou arthropod that feeds on insect mlb;mlb agent collaborates with agent jason marquis;bad cubs agent collaborates with agent jason marquis
0.4375	Question: clothing hats clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing dresses?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing hats;dresses clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.4375	Question: religion palestine at location what? Is the correct answer: city texas?	Context: texas located at palestine;texas geopolitical location contains city houston;texas geopolitical location contains city houston
0.4375	Question: company products competes with what? Is the correct answer: blog pricegrabber?	Context: ebay001 competes with products;ebay001 competes with products;pricegrabber competes with products
0.859375	Question: publication cnn worker what? Is the correct answer: person christiane amanpour001?	Context: cnn arthropod that feeds on insect charlie gibson;charlie gibson works for abc;christiane amanpour001 works for abc
0.9989013671875	Question: language icelandic language of country what? Is the correct answer: country america?	Context: america country language icelandic;america organization has person reggie fils aime;america organization has agent reggie fils aime
0.4375	Question: clothing tee shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing sweater?	Context: tee shirt arthropod that feeds on insect boots;jeans clothing to go with clothing boots;sweater clothing to go with clothing jeans
1.0	Question: county fox agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist greta van susteren?	Context: brit hume controlled by agent fox;brit hume works for fox;greta van susteren agent belongs to organization fox
0.9296875	Question: geopolitical location new at location what? Is the correct answer: hotel directory?	Context: america located at new;european union synonym for america;european union arthropod that feeds on insect directory
0.982421875	Question: person james003 person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: university state university?	Context: state university organization has person james003;state university organization has person peter;state university organization has person peter
1.0	Question: company wboc competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication post?	Context: wboc arthropod that feeds on insect fox news;fox news competes with washington;post competes with washington
0.71875	Question: cognitive actions abilities subpart of what? Is the correct answer: weather phenomenon water?	Context: water super part of abilities;water super part of pump;water super part of pump
0.9999980926513672	Question: CEO michael capellas person hired by organization what? Is the correct answer: company compaq?	Context: compaq organization hired person michael capellas;michael capellas top member of organization compaq;compaq organization hired person michael capellas
0.859375	Question: island fiji at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2005?	Context: dollars currency country fiji;u s  country currency dollars;n2005 date of u s 
1.0	Question: city city of london mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: politician michael bear?	Context: michael bear person belongs to organization city of london;michael bear works for city of london;michael bear mutual proxy for city of london
0.859375	Question: person (Canada) search agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: person (Asia) password?	Context: research agent competes with agent search;search agent competes with agent research;password agent competes with agent search
0.4375	Question: university national agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: county kent?	Context: states location acted in by agent national;states location acted in by agent national;kent location acted in by agent national
1.0	Question: insect invertebrates inverse of arthropod called arthropod what? Is the correct answer: insect earthworms?	Context: invertebrates arthropod called arthropod insects;invertebrates arthropod called arthropod insects;earthworms arthropod called arthropod invertebrates
0.4375	Question: academic field informatics synonym for what? Is the correct answer: profession associate?	Context: associate synonym for informatics;associate synonym for programs;associate synonym for programs
1.0	Question: television network cnn  pbs television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: television station wkmg?	Context: wvlt subpart of cnn  pbs;cnn  pbs television company affiliate wvlt;wkmg television station affiliated with cnn  pbs
0.9929988980293274	Question: coach steve spurrier controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province south carolina?	Context: south carolina agent controls steve spurrier;south carolina agent controls steve spurrier;south carolina agent controls steve spurrier
0.4375	Question: stadium or event venue dow event center proxy of what? Is the correct answer: city saginaw?	Context: saginaw proxy for dow event center;saginaw proxy for dow event center;saginaw proxy for dow event center
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: university santa barbara?	Context: sonoma city located in state california;california state contains city sonoma;santa barbara at location california
1.0	Question: person duke agent belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: ncaa midwest regionals organization has agent duke;ncaa midwest regionals organization has agent indiana;ncaa midwest regionals organization has agent indiana
0.4375	Question: state or province south dakota location contains location what? Is the correct answer: airport watertown?	Context: south dakota geopolitical location contains city sioux falls;south dakota geopolitical location contains city sioux falls;watertown location located within location south dakota
0.6903331279754639	Question: animal chicken001 animal eat vegetable what? Is the correct answer: vegetable shiitake mushrooms?	Context: potatoes inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;potatoes inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001;shiitake mushrooms inverse of animal eat vegetable chicken001
1.0	Question: company wal mart stores organization terminated person what? Is the correct answer: CEO h  lee scott?	Context: h  lee scott person terminated by organization wal mart stores;h  lee scott person terminated by organization wal mart stores;h  lee scott person terminated by organization wal mart stores
0.9999993443489075	Question: sports team san diego state aztecs basketball subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports league nfl?	Context: nfl superpart of organization san diego state aztecs basketball;nfl superpart of organization chicago cardinals;nfl superpart of organization chicago cardinals
0.9829506874084473	Question: website nbc news television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: television station wptz?	Context: brian williams subpart of nbc news;brian williams subpart of nbc universal;wptz subpart of organization nbc universal
1.0	Question: bird waterfowl agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal birds002?	Context: waterfowl arthropod that feeds on insect parrots001;parrots001 agent competes with agent birds002;birds002 agent competes with agent birds002
0.9987874031066895	Question: city ashgabat city capital of country what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location turkmenistan?	Context: turkmenistan country capital ashgabat;turkmenistan country capital ashgabat;turkmenistan country capital ashgabat
0.859375	Question: person (Mexico) junior agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: journalist nick allen?	Context: kirk nieuwenhuis agent collaborates with agent junior;kirk nieuwenhuis agent collaborates with agent junior;nick allen agent collaborates with agent junior
0.4375	Question: company clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: terrorist organization list?	Context: father agent collaborates with agent clinton;father agent collaborates with agent clinton;list agent collaborates with agent clinton
1.0	Question: CEO douglas r  conant works for what? Is the correct answer: city campbell?	Context: campbell worker douglas r  conant;campbell worker douglas r  conant;campbell worker douglas r  conant
0.4375	Question: newspaper daily competes with what? Is the correct answer: publication mail report?	Context: independent competes with daily;independent competes with daily;mail report competes with daily
0.4375	Question: clothing pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing long shirt?	Context: pants clothing to go with clothing shirt;pants clothing to go with clothing shirt;long shirt clothing to go with clothing pants
0.4375	Question: company kmvu tv subpart of what? Is the correct answer: county fox?	Context: fox super part of kmvu tv;fox super part of brit hume;fox super part of brit hume
0.859375	Question: professional organization heart association mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: bedroom item first aid?	Context: board synonym for heart association;board synonym for heart association;first aid mutual proxy for heart association
1.0	Question: sports team ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team georgia state lady panthers?	Context: ncaa mens midwest regionals subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals;georgia state lady panthers subpart of organization ncaa midwest regionals
1.0	Question: arachnid butterflies agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: animal large insects?	Context: creatures agent competes with agent butterflies;creatures agent competes with agent grasshoppers;large insects agent competes with agent grasshoppers
0.71875	Question: geopolitical organization jodhpur proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical organization rajasthan?	Context: rajasthan proxy of jodhpur;jaipur city capital of state rajasthan;rajasthan proxy of jaipur
1.0	Question: state or province new york state or province of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: sports team colts?	Context: mlb organization headquartered in state or province new york;new york state or province of organization headquarters mlb;colts organization headquartered in state or province new york
0.71875	Question: geopolitical location new location located within location what? Is the correct answer: lake great lakes?	Context: united states location contains location new;new location located within location united states;great lakes location contains location new
0.7120460271835327	Question: country netherlands country language what? Is the correct answer: language frisian?	Context: netherlands country capital hague;netherlands country capital hague;frisian language of country netherlands
0.96484375	Question: sports team high point panthers subpart of organization what? Is the correct answer: sports team ncaa midwest regionals?	Context: high point panthers arthropod that feeds on insect ncaa mens midwest regionals;ncaa mens midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina;ncaa midwest regionals superpart of organization south carolina
0.9296875	Question: newspaper the herald tribune has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city new york?	Context: new york city of organization headquarters the herald tribune;new york city of organization headquarters huffington post;new york city of organization headquarters huffington post
1.0	Question: website nbc news television company affiliate what? Is the correct answer: television station wyff?	Context: wsls tv television station affiliated with nbc news;wsls tv subpart of nbc universal;wyff subpart of organization nbc universal
0.96484375	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city charlotte?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;charlotte mutual proxy for new
0.71875	Question: city orlando  florida inverse of automobile maker dealers in city what? Is the correct answer: automobile maker nissan?	Context: nissan automobile maker dealers in city orlando  florida;nissan automobile maker dealers in city austin;nissan automobile maker dealers in city austin
0.859375	Question: record label irs synonym for what? Is the correct answer: product office?	Context: irs arthropod that feeds on insect agency;agency synonym for department;office synonym for department
0.4375	Question: company legal agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: politics blog daily journal?	Context: law journal agent competes with agent legal;law journal agent competes with agent legal;daily journal agent competes with agent legal
1.0	Question: coach randy wittman agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team timberwolves?	Context: timberwolves agent collaborates with agent randy wittman;timberwolves agent collaborates with agent randy wittman;timberwolves agent collaborates with agent randy wittman
0.96484375	Question: animal animals001 agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: bird ducks?	Context: predators agent competes with agent animals001;predators agent competes with agent animals001;ducks agent competes with agent animals001
0.9999656677246094	Question: island post at date what? Is the correct answer: date n2004?	Context: n2004 date of post;n2004 date of wednesday;n2004 date of wednesday
1.0	Question: political office inc  at date what? Is the correct answer: date literal n2008?	Context: n2006 date of inc ;n2006 date of new york;n2008 date of new york
0.4375	Question: date n1978 mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: city texas?	Context: new mutual proxy for n1978;new mutual proxy for n2004;texas mutual proxy for n2004
0.96484375	Question: website linked in competes with what? Is the correct answer: website facebook?	Context: facebook competes with linked in;mark zuckerberg top member of organization facebook;facebook organization has top member mark zuckerberg
0.9999313354492188	Question: mammal wolves animal preys on what? Is the correct answer: animal creatures?	Context: wolves animal predators creatures;creatures animal predators creatures
0.859375	Question: date literal n2010 date of what? Is the correct answer: political party committee?	Context: n2010 arthropod that feeds on insect cape town;cape town at date n2004;committee at date n2004
1.0	Question: television show saturday mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new mutual proxy for saturday;new proxy of house;new proxy of house
1.0	Question: CEO vijay mallya mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: airport kingfisher airlines?	Context: vijay mallya person terminated by organization force india;vijay mallya person terminated by organization force india;kingfisher airlines mutual proxy for vijay mallya
1.0	Question: visualizable object shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing white pants?	Context: shoes clothing to go with clothing shirt;white pants clothing to go with clothing shoes
1.0	Question: female hillary politician holds office what? Is the correct answer: political office america?	Context: america office held by politician hillary;america office held by politician barack obama;america office held by politician barack obama
1.0	Question: vehicle gm daewoo synonym for what? Is the correct answer: bank general motors acceptance corporation?	Context: general motors corp synonym for gm daewoo;general motors corp synonym for gm daewoo;general motors acceptance corporation synonym for gm daewoo
0.859375	Question: city rohnert park mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province california?	Context: california mutual proxy for rohnert park;california proxy of sonoma;california proxy of sonoma
0.997802734375	Question: city maywood located at what? Is the correct answer: university national?	Context: national agent acts in location maywood;national at location fort myers;national at location fort myers
0.4375	Question: county johnson city proxy for what? Is the correct answer: state or province tennessee?	Context: johnson city subpart of tennessee;nashville city capital of state tennessee;nashville city capital of state tennessee
1.0	Question: person shawn fanning person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company napster001?	Context: napster001 organization has person shawn fanning;napster001 organization has person shawn fanning;napster001 organization has person shawn fanning
0.9997809529304504	Question: weapon facilities weapon made in country what? Is the correct answer: country korea north?	Context: facilities arthropod that feeds on insect korea;korea country currency won;korea north country currency won
0.4375	Question: company ryanair has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city friedrichshafen?	Context: london city has company office ryanair;ryanair agent acts in location london;friedrichshafen city has company office ryanair
0.19255901873111725	Question: date resort proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of resort;new proxy of dakota;new proxy of dakota
1.0	Question: visualizable thing t shirt clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing long pants?	Context: shirt clothing to go with clothing t shirt;shoes clothing to go with clothing shirt;long pants clothing to go with clothing shoes
0.9999236464500427	Question: sports team dallas texans kansas city chiefs team plays against team what? Is the correct answer: sports team ex pittsburgh steelers?	Context: ex pittsburgh steelers team plays against team dallas texans kansas city chiefs;ex pittsburgh steelers agent competes with agent new york giants;ex pittsburgh steelers team plays against team new york giants
0.4375	Question: bird orioles agent competes with agent what? Is the correct answer: sports team pittsburgh pirates?	Context: orioles arthropod that feeds on insect tampa;tampa agent competes with agent phillies;pittsburgh pirates agent competes with agent phillies
0.9912109375	Question: athlete ind agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: company wlxi tv?	Context: wjxt controlled by agent ind;wjxt controlled by agent ind;wlxi tv agent collaborates with agent ind
0.4375	Question: beach morehead city at location what? Is the correct answer: state or province north carolina?	Context: north carolina located at morehead city;north carolina located at d c ;north carolina located at d c 
1.0	Question: state or province california located at what? Is the correct answer: city santa rosa?	Context: bay city located in state california;california state contains city bay;santa rosa at location california
1.0	Question: city lakewood located at what? Is the correct answer: visual art movement american?	Context: lakewood at location d c ;american at location d c 
0.4375	Question: agent engineering synonym for what? Is the correct answer: scientist assistant professor?	Context: assistant professor synonym for engineering;assistant professor synonym for science;assistant professor synonym for science
0.9999313354492188	Question: state or province miles agent acts in location what? Is the correct answer: room south?	Context: new mutual proxy for miles;new location acted in by agent people;south location acted in by agent people
0.9985843896865845	Question: animal creatures animal type has animal what? Is the correct answer: animal reptiles?	Context: salmon inverse of animal such as fish creatures;creatures animal such as fish salmon;reptiles animal is type of animal creatures
0.999995231628418	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: visualizable attribute northern states?	Context: contact mutual proxy for new;contact proxy for new;northern states mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: actor chiefs controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: sports league nfl?	Context: nfl agent controls chiefs;nfl agent controls cowboys 19 13;nfl agent controls cowboys 19 13
1.0	Question: person frederick smith person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: company fedex?	Context: fedex organization has person frederick smith;fedex organization has person frederick smith;fedex organization has person frederick smith
1.0	Question: person kim person attends school what? Is the correct answer: university college?	Context: college school attended by person kim;college school attended by person peter;college school attended by person peter
1.0	Question: city macon city of organization headquarters what? Is the correct answer: radio station wmaz?	Context: wmaz tv television station in city macon;wmaz tv television station in city macon;wmaz organization headquartered in city macon
0.859375	Question: geopolitical location new proxy of what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location world city?	Context: n2007 proxy for new;n2007 mutual proxy for new;world city proxy for new
0.859375	Question: city ukraine at date what? Is the correct answer: date n1999?	Context: ukraine arthropod that feeds on insect n2008;n2008 date of division;n1999 date of division
1.0	Question: city new york city has company office what? Is the correct answer: company aeroflot?	Context: journal headquartered in new york;new york companies headquartered here journal;aeroflot has office in city new york
0.9999313354492188	Question: person rochelle proxy for what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location new?	Context: new proxy of rochelle;new proxy of state;new proxy of state
0.859375	Question: plant services controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: state or province new york state?	Context: new york state agent controls services;new york state agent controls service;new york state agent controls service
0.71875	Question: television network pbs agent controls what? Is the correct answer: company kwse?	Context: kera tv controlled by agent pbs;kera tv controlled by agent pbs;kwse agent belongs to organization pbs
1.0	Question: city new york city newspaper what? Is the correct answer: website wall street journal?	Context: financial times newspaper in city new york;financial times newspaper in city new york;wall street journal newspaper in city new york
0.4375	Question: person - US warren buffet controlled by agent what? Is the correct answer: county berkshire?	Context: berkshire hathaway agent controls warren buffet;warren buffet top member of organization berkshire hathaway;berkshire agent controls warren buffet
0.96484375	Question: state or province states location located within location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location russian?	Context: republic geopolitical location contains state states;states state located in geo-political location republic;russian location contains location states
0.4375	Question: building facilities subpart of what? Is the correct answer: location municipal water?	Context: toilet super part of facilities;toilet super part of facilities;municipal water super part of facilities
0.4375	Question: company continental has office in city what? Is the correct answer: city managua?	Context: continental company CEO larry kellner;larry kellner person terminated by organization continental;managua city has company office continental
0.997802734375	Question: city clinton agent collaborates with agent what? Is the correct answer: politician mccain?	Context: clinton agent collaborates with agent hillary clinton;mccain agent collaborates with agent hillary clinton
0.9999978542327881	Question: geopolitical location new mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: date n1967?	Context: place mutual proxy for new;place proxy for new;n1967 mutual proxy for new
0.4375	Question: card game board mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: website partnership?	Context: institute synonym for board;institute synonym for board;partnership mutual proxy for board
0.9999998807907104	Question: bank european central bank has office in country what? Is the correct answer: country england?	Context: jean claude trichet agent belongs to organization european central bank;jean claude trichet works for european central bank;england country has company office european central bank
0.9899416565895081	Question: visualizable scene wheeling subpart of what? Is the correct answer: credit union west virginia?	Context: west virginia super part of wheeling;west virginia super part of charleston;west virginia super part of charleston
0.997802734375	Question: clothing pants clothing to go with clothing what? Is the correct answer: clothing turtleneck?	Context: skirt clothing to go with clothing pants;turtleneck clothing to go with clothing skirt
1.0	Question: country arabia saudita country located in geopolitical location what? Is the correct answer: geopolitical location middle eastern countries?	Context: arabic language of country arabia saudita;arab emirates country language arabic;middle eastern countries geopolitical location contains country arab emirates
0.4375	Question: location municipal water super part of what? Is the correct answer: animal disposal?	Context: services subpart of municipal water;services subpart of municipal water;disposal subpart of municipal water
0.71875	Question: politician - US johnny cueto person belongs to organization what? Is the correct answer: politics blog yankee?	Context: yankees organization has person johnny cueto;yankees organization has person johnny cueto;yankee organization has person johnny cueto
0.4375	Question: university ohio mutual proxy for what? Is the correct answer: date n1976?	Context: ohio arthropod that feeds on inse